org/springframework/beans/factory/support/security/support/CustomFactoryBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.support.CustomFactoryBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/GeneratedNameBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.GeneratedNameBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/MyDeprecatedBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.MyDeprecatedBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/AutowireWithExclusionTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.AutowireWithExclusionTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/annotation/LookupAnnotationTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.LookupAnnotationTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.LookupAnnotationTests$AbstractBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.LookupAnnotationTests$BeanConsumer
org/springframework/beans/factory/Spr5475Tests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.Spr5475Tests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.Spr5475Tests$Foo
org/springframework/beans/factory/parsing/FailFastProblemReporterTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing.FailFastProblemReporterTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/SimpleConstructorNamespaceHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.SimpleConstructorNamespaceHandlerTests
org/springframework/beans/SimplePropertyDescriptorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.SimplePropertyDescriptorTests
 org.springframework.beans.SimplePropertyDescriptorTests$1C
 org.springframework.beans.SimplePropertyDescriptorTests$2C
 org.springframework.beans.SimplePropertyDescriptorTests$3C
 org.springframework.beans.SimplePropertyDescriptorTests$4C
org/springframework/beans/propertyeditors/PathEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.PathEditorTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/ObjectFactoryCreatingFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.ObjectFactoryCreatingFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.ObjectFactoryCreatingFactoryBeanTests$FactoryTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.ObjectFactoryCreatingFactoryBeanTests$ProviderTestBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/security/support/PropertyBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.support.PropertyBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/QualifierAnnotationAutowireBeanFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireBeanFactoryTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireBeanFactoryTests$Person
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireBeanFactoryTests$QualifiedTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.QualifierAnnotationAutowireBeanFactoryTests$TestQualifier
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/FieldRetrievingFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.FieldRetrievingFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.FieldRetrievingFactoryBeanTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.FieldRetrievingFactoryBeanTests$PublicFieldHolder
org/springframework/beans/factory/DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$2
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$3
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$4
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$5
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$6
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$A
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$ArrayBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$B
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$BaseClassWithDestroyMethod
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$BeanWithCloseable
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$BeanWithDestroyMethod
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$BeanWithDisposableBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$BeanWithFactoryMethod
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$ConstructorDependency
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$ConstructorDependencyBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$ConstructorDependencyFactoryBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$ConstructorDependencyWithClassResolution
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$CustomTypeConverter
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$EagerInitFactory
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$FactoryBeanDependentBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$FactoryBeanThatShouldntBeCalled
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$HighPriorityTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$KnowsIfInstantiated
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$LazyInitFactory
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$LowPriorityTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$NoDependencies
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$NonPublicEnum
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$NonPublicEnumHolder
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$NullTestBeanFactoryBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$Repository
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$RepositoryFactoryBeanSupport
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$RepositoryFactoryInformation
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$TestBeanFactory
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$TestBeanRecipient
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$TestSecuredBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.DefaultListableBeanFactoryTests$UnsatisfiedConstructorDependency
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/DefaultLifecycleMethodsTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.DefaultLifecycleMethodsTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.DefaultLifecycleMethodsTests$LifecycleAwareBean
org/springframework/beans/BeanWrapperAutoGrowingTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperAutoGrowingTests
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperAutoGrowingTests$Bean
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperAutoGrowingTests$NestedNoDefaultConstructor
org/springframework/beans/propertyeditors/FileEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.FileEditorTests
org/springframework/beans/BeanWrapperGenericsTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperGenericsTests
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperGenericsTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperGenericsTests$1Holder
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperGenericsTests$Bar
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperGenericsTests$BaseGenericCollectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperGenericsTests$ComplexMapHolder
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperGenericsTests$DerivedMap
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperGenericsTests$Foo
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperGenericsTests$NestedGenericCollectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperGenericsTests$ObjectWithId
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperGenericsTests$Promotion
org/springframework/beans/factory/BeanFactoryUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanFactoryUtilsTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanFactoryUtilsTests$ControllerAdvice
 org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanFactoryUtilsTests$ControllerAdviceClass
 org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanFactoryUtilsTests$RestControllerAdvice
 org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanFactoryUtilsTests$RestControllerAdviceClass
 org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanFactoryUtilsTests$TestBeanSmartFactoryBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/wiring/BeanConfigurerSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.wiring.BeanConfigurerSupportTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.wiring.BeanConfigurerSupportTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.wiring.BeanConfigurerSupportTests$StubBeanConfigurerSupport
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/SchemaValidationTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.SchemaValidationTests
org/springframework/beans/ConcurrentBeanWrapperTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.ConcurrentBeanWrapperTests
 org.springframework.beans.ConcurrentBeanWrapperTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.ConcurrentBeanWrapperTests$TestBean
 org.springframework.beans.ConcurrentBeanWrapperTests$TestRun
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/LookupMethodTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.LookupMethodTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.LookupMethodTests$AbstractBean
org/springframework/beans/propertyeditors/ReaderEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.ReaderEditorTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/FactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.FactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.FactoryBeanTests$AbstractFactoryBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.FactoryBeanTests$Alpha
 org.springframework.beans.factory.FactoryBeanTests$BeanImpl1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.FactoryBeanTests$BeanImpl2
 org.springframework.beans.factory.FactoryBeanTests$Beta
 org.springframework.beans.factory.FactoryBeanTests$BetaFactoryBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.FactoryBeanTests$CountingPostProcessor
 org.springframework.beans.factory.FactoryBeanTests$Gamma
 org.springframework.beans.factory.FactoryBeanTests$NullReturningFactoryBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.FactoryBeanTests$PassThroughFactoryBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/DefinitionMetadataEqualsHashCodeTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefinitionMetadataEqualsHashCodeTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefinitionMetadataEqualsHashCodeTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefinitionMetadataEqualsHashCodeTests$2
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefinitionMetadataEqualsHashCodeTests$3
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/BeanFactoryGenericsTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanFactoryGenericsTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanFactoryGenericsTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanFactoryGenericsTests$2
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanFactoryGenericsTests$CollectionDependentBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanFactoryGenericsTests$DoubleStore
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanFactoryGenericsTests$FloatStore
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanFactoryGenericsTests$MocksControl
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanFactoryGenericsTests$MocksControl$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanFactoryGenericsTests$NamedUrlList
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanFactoryGenericsTests$NamedUrlMap
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanFactoryGenericsTests$NamedUrlSet
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanFactoryGenericsTests$NumberBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanFactoryGenericsTests$NumberStore
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanFactoryGenericsTests$NumberStoreFactory
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanFactoryGenericsTests$UrlSet
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/ProtectedLifecycleBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.ProtectedLifecycleBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.ProtectedLifecycleBean$PostProcessor
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/DuplicateBeanIdTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.DuplicateBeanIdTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/wiring/BeanWiringInfoTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.wiring.BeanWiringInfoTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/parsing/ConstructorArgumentEntryTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing.ConstructorArgumentEntryTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/CustomScopeConfigurerTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.CustomScopeConfigurerTests
org/springframework/beans/propertyeditors/StringArrayPropertyEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.StringArrayPropertyEditorTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/ConstructorDependenciesBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.ConstructorDependenciesBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/UtilNamespaceHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.UtilNamespaceHandlerTests
org/springframework/beans/propertyeditors/URIEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.URIEditorTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/EventPublicationTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.EventPublicationTests
org/springframework/beans/propertyeditors/InputStreamEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.InputStreamEditorTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/YamlPropertiesFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.YamlPropertiesFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.YamlPropertiesFactoryBeanTests$1
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/support/DefaultNamespaceHandlerResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.support.DefaultNamespaceHandlerResolverTests
org/springframework/beans/PropertyMatchesTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.PropertyMatchesTests
 org.springframework.beans.PropertyMatchesTests$SampleBeanProperties
 org.springframework.beans.PropertyMatchesTests$SampleFieldProperties
org/springframework/beans/propertyeditors/ByteArrayPropertyEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.ByteArrayPropertyEditorTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/security/support/CustomCallbackBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.support.CustomCallbackBean
org/springframework/beans/propertyeditors/URLEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.URLEditorTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/annotation/RequiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.RequiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.RequiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MyRequired
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.RequiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$RequiredTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.RequiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$RequiredTestBeanFactory
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/BeanNameGenerationTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.BeanNameGenerationTests
org/springframework/beans/BeanUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.BeanUtilsTests
 org.springframework.beans.BeanUtilsTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.BeanUtilsTests$Bean
 org.springframework.beans.BeanUtilsTests$BeanWithNullableTypes
 org.springframework.beans.BeanUtilsTests$BeanWithPrimitiveTypes
 org.springframework.beans.BeanUtilsTests$ContainedBean
 org.springframework.beans.BeanUtilsTests$ContainerBean
 org.springframework.beans.BeanUtilsTests$IntegerListHolder1
 org.springframework.beans.BeanUtilsTests$IntegerListHolder2
 org.springframework.beans.BeanUtilsTests$InvalidProperty
 org.springframework.beans.BeanUtilsTests$LongListHolder
 org.springframework.beans.BeanUtilsTests$MapEntry
 org.springframework.beans.BeanUtilsTests$MethodSignatureBean
 org.springframework.beans.BeanUtilsTests$NameAndSpecialProperty
 org.springframework.beans.BeanUtilsTests$PrivateBeanWithPrivateConstructor
org/springframework/beans/factory/serviceloader/ServiceLoaderTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.serviceloader.ServiceLoaderTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/SimplePropertyNamespaceHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.SimplePropertyNamespaceHandlerTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/CollectionMergingTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.CollectionMergingTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/XmlBeanDefinitionReaderTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanDefinitionReaderTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/AutowireUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AutowireUtilsTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AutowireUtilsTests$MyInterfaceType
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AutowireUtilsTests$MySimpleInterfaceType
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AutowireUtilsTests$MyTypeWithMethods
org/springframework/beans/factory/parsing/CustomProblemReporterTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing.CustomProblemReporterTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing.CustomProblemReporterTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing.CustomProblemReporterTests$CollatingProblemReporter
org/springframework/beans/CachedIntrospectionResultsTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.CachedIntrospectionResultsTests
 org.springframework.beans.CachedIntrospectionResultsTests$1C
org/springframework/beans/factory/annotation/InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$AnnotatedDefaultConstructorBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ConstructorResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ConstructorsCollectionResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ConstructorsResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ExtendedResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FactoryBeanDependentBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MapConstructorInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MapFieldInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MapMethodInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$Nullable
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$NullableFieldInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$NullableMethodInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ObjectFactoryFieldInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ObjectFactoryListFieldInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ObjectFactoryListMethodInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ObjectFactoryMapFieldInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ObjectFactoryMapMethodInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ObjectFactoryMethodInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ObjectFactoryQualifierFieldInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ObjectFactoryQualifierMethodInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$OptionalCollectionResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$OptionalFieldInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$OptionalListFieldInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$OptionalListMethodInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$OptionalMethodInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$OptionalResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ProviderOfOptionalFieldInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ProviderOfOptionalMethodInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$StringFactoryBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$TypedExtendedResourceInjectionBean
org/springframework/beans/propertyeditors/PropertiesEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.PropertiesEditorTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/MethodInvokingFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.MethodInvokingFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.MethodInvokingFactoryBeanTests$TestClass1
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/security/support/ConstructorBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.support.ConstructorBean
org/springframework/beans/propertyeditors/CustomEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$10
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$11
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$12
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$13
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$14
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$15
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$16
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$17
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$18
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$19
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$2
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$20
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$21
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$22
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$23
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$24
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$25
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$26
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$27
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$28
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$29
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$3
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$30
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$31
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$32
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$4
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$5
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$6
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$7
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$8
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$9
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$CharBean
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$OldCollectionsBean
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$OldValueAccessingTestBeanEditor
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$PrimitiveArrayBean
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomEditorTests$TestBeanEditor
org/springframework/beans/factory/annotation/CustomAutowireConfigurerTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.CustomAutowireConfigurerTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.CustomAutowireConfigurerTests$CustomResolver
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.CustomAutowireConfigurerTests$TestBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/ManagedSetTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.ManagedSetTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/DefaultSingletonBeanRegistryTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultSingletonBeanRegistryTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultSingletonBeanRegistryTests$1
org/springframework/beans/propertyeditors/CustomCollectionEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomCollectionEditorTests
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CustomCollectionEditorTests$CollectionTypeWithNoNoArgCtor
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/security/CallbacksSecurityTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.CallbacksSecurityTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.CallbacksSecurityTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.CallbacksSecurityTests$2
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.CallbacksSecurityTests$3
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.CallbacksSecurityTests$4
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.CallbacksSecurityTests$5
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.CallbacksSecurityTests$NonPrivilegedBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.CallbacksSecurityTests$NonPrivilegedFactory
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.CallbacksSecurityTests$NonPrivilegedFactoryBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.CallbacksSecurityTests$NonPrivilegedSpringCallbacksBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/security/support/DestroyBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.support.DestroyBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/Spr8954Tests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.Spr8954Tests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.Spr8954Tests$AnInterface
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.Spr8954Tests$Foo
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.Spr8954Tests$FooFactoryBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.Spr8954Tests$PredictedType
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.Spr8954Tests$PredictedTypeImpl
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.Spr8954Tests$PredictingBPP
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/PropertyPathFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.PropertyPathFactoryBeanTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/security/support/InitBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.support.InitBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/ProfileXmlBeanDefinitionTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.ProfileXmlBeanDefinitionTests
org/springframework/beans/ExtendedBeanInfoTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$10C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$11C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$12C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$13C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$14C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$15C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$16C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$17C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$18C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$19C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$1A
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$1B
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$1Bean
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$1C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$1Child
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$1ExtendedTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$1Parent
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$20C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$21C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$22C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$23C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$24C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$25C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$26C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$27C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$28C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$2A
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$2B
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$2C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$3B
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$3C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$4B
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$4C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$5C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$6C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$7C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$8C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$9C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$Book
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$BookOperations
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$LawBook
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$LawLibrary
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$Library
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$Spr9453
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$TextBook
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$TextBookOperations
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoTests$WithStaticWriteMethod
org/springframework/beans/DirectFieldAccessorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.DirectFieldAccessorTests
 org.springframework.beans.DirectFieldAccessorTests$1
org/springframework/beans/BeanWrapperTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperTests
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperTests$AliasedProperty
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperTests$BaseProperty
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperTests$GetterBean
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperTests$GetterWithOptional
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperTests$IntelliBean
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperTests$PropertyTypeMismatch
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperTests$TypedReadOnlyMap
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperTests$TypedReadOnlyMapClient
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/PropertiesFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.PropertiesFactoryBeanTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/ManagedMapTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.ManagedMapTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/CountingFactory.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.CountingFactory
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/ManagedPropertiesTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.ManagedPropertiesTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/parsing/PassThroughSourceExtractorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing.PassThroughSourceExtractorTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/CollectionsWithDefaultTypesTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.CollectionsWithDefaultTypesTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/DummyReferencer.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.DummyReferencer
org/springframework/beans/factory/FactoryBeanLookupTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.FactoryBeanLookupTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.Foo
 org.springframework.beans.factory.FooFactoryBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/PropertiesBeanDefinitionReaderTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.PropertiesBeanDefinitionReaderTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/TestTypes.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.NoOpScope
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.TestTypes
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/PropertyPlaceholderConfigurerTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.PropertyPlaceholderConfigurerTests
org/springframework/beans/BeanWrapperEnumTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperEnumTests
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperEnumTests$NonPublicEnum
 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperEnumTests$NonPublicEnumHolder
org/springframework/beans/factory/parsing/PropertyEntryTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing.PropertyEntryTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/wiring/ClassNameBeanWiringInfoResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.wiring.ClassNameBeanWiringInfoResolverTests
org/springframework/beans/propertyeditors/BeanInfoTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.BeanInfoTests
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.BeanInfoTests$MyNumberEditor
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.BeanInfoTests$ValueBean
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.BeanInfoTests$ValueBeanBeanInfo
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/YamlMapFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.YamlMapFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.YamlMapFactoryBeanTests$1
org/springframework/beans/propertyeditors/ResourceBundleEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.ResourceBundleEditorTests
org/springframework/beans/PropertyAccessorUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.PropertyAccessorUtilsTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/annotation/ParameterResolutionTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.ParameterResolutionTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.ParameterResolutionTests$AutowirableClass
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.ParameterResolutionTests$AutowirableClass$InnerAutowirableClass
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/MetadataAttachmentTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.MetadataAttachmentTests
org/springframework/beans/support/PropertyComparatorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.support.PropertyComparatorTests
 org.springframework.beans.support.PropertyComparatorTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.support.PropertyComparatorTests$Dog
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/SimpleScopeTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.SimpleScopeTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.SimpleScopeTests$1
org/springframework/beans/MutablePropertyValuesTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.MutablePropertyValuesTests
org/springframework/beans/support/ProtectedBaseBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.support.ProtectedBaseBean
org/springframework/beans/AbstractPropertyAccessorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$10
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$2
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$3
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$4
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$5
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$6
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$7
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$8
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$9
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$Address
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$ArrayToObject
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$Country
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$DifferentTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$Employee
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$EnumConsumer
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$EnumTester
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$Foo
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$NoRead
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$NumberPropertyBean
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$Person
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$PrimitiveArrayBean
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$PropsTester
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$ReadOnlyMap
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$Simple
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$SkipReaderStub
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$Spr10115Bean
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$Spr13837
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$Spr13837Bean
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$StringArrayBean
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$TestEnum
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyAccessorTests$WildcardEnumConsumer
org/springframework/beans/support/PagedListHolderTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.support.PagedListHolderTests
 org.springframework.beans.support.PagedListHolderTests$MockFilter
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/NestedBeansElementTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.NestedBeansElementTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/parsing/NullSourceExtractorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing.NullSourceExtractorTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/YamlProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.YamlProcessorTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.YamlProcessorTests$1
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/CustomEditorConfigurerTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.CustomEditorConfigurerTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.CustomEditorConfigurerTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.CustomEditorConfigurerTests$MyDateEditor
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.CustomEditorConfigurerTests$MyTestEditor
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/DeprecatedBeanWarnerTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.DeprecatedBeanWarnerTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.DeprecatedBeanWarnerTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.DeprecatedBeanWarnerTests$MyDeprecatedBeanWarner
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/DelegatingEntityResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.DelegatingEntityResolverTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.DelegatingEntityResolverTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.DelegatingEntityResolverTests$NoOpEntityResolver
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/NestedBeansElementAttributeRecursionTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.InitDestroyBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.NestedBeansElementAttributeRecursionTests
org/springframework/beans/propertyeditors/CharArrayPropertyEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.CharArrayPropertyEditorTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/FactoryMethodTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.FactoryMethodTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.MailSession
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/XmlBeanCollectionTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanCollectionTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanCollectionTests$MapAndSet
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/BeanDefinitionTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanDefinitionTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/annotation/AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$AnnotatedDefaultConstructorBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$CollectionFactoryMethods
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ConstructorResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ConstructorWithoutFallbackBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ConstructorsCollectionResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ConstructorsResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$CustomAnnotationOptionalFieldResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$CustomAnnotationOptionalMethodResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$CustomAnnotationRequiredFieldResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$CustomAnnotationRequiredMethodResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$CustomCollectionFactoryMethods
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$CustomHashMap
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$CustomHashSet
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$CustomMap
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$CustomMapConstructorInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$CustomSet
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$CustomSetConstructorInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$DefaultMethodResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FactoryBeanDependentBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FixedOrder1NestedTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FixedOrder2NestedTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$Foo
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FooBar
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$GenericInterface1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$GenericInterface1Impl
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$GenericInterface2
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$GenericInterface2Bean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$GenericInterface2Impl
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$GenericRepository
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$GenericRepositorySubclass
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$IntegerRepository
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$InterfaceWithDefaultMethod
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MapConstructorInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MapFieldInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MapMethodInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MocksControl
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MocksControl$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MultiGenericFieldInjection
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MyAutowired
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MyCallable
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MyTestBeanMap
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MyTestBeanSet
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$NonPublicResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$NullFactoryMethods
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$NullNestedTestBeanFactoryBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ObjectFactoryConstructorInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ObjectFactoryFieldInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ObjectFactoryQualifierInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ObjectProviderInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$OptionalCollectionResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$OptionalResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$OrderedNestedTestBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$OverriddenExtendedResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$PlainGenericInterface2Impl
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ProvidedArgumentBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$QualifiedMapConstructorInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ReallyGenericInterface2Impl
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$Repository
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$RepositoryConstructorInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$RepositoryFactoryBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$RepositoryFactoryBeanInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$RepositoryFieldInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$RepositoryFieldInjectionBeanWithQualifiers
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$RepositoryFieldInjectionBeanWithSimpleMatch
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$RepositoryFieldInjectionBeanWithSubstitutedVariables
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$RepositoryFieldInjectionBeanWithVariables
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$RepositoryMethodInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$RepositoryMethodInjectionBeanWithSubstitutedVariables
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$RepositoryMethodInjectionBeanWithVariables
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ResourceInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$SecondCallable
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$SelfInjectingFactoryBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$SelfInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$SelfInjectionCollectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$SetConstructorInjectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$SimpleRepository
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$SimpleRepositorySubclass
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$SingleConstructorOptionalCollectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$SingleConstructorRequiredCollectionBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$SingleConstructorVarargBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$StockMovement
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$StockMovementDao
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$StockMovementDaoImpl
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$StockMovementImpl
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$StockMovementInstruction
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$StockMovementInstructionImpl
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$StockServiceImpl
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$StringFactoryBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$StringGenericInterface1Impl
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$StringRepository
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$TestBeanFactory
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$TypedExtendedResourceInjectionBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/annotation/AnnotationBeanWiringInfoResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AnnotationBeanWiringInfoResolverTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AnnotationBeanWiringInfoResolverTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AnnotationBeanWiringInfoResolverTests$NamedWirelessSoap
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AnnotationBeanWiringInfoResolverTests$Soap
 org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AnnotationBeanWiringInfoResolverTests$WirelessSoap
org/springframework/beans/propertyeditors/ZoneIdEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors.ZoneIdEditorTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/InstanceFactory.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.InstanceFactory
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/XmlListableBeanFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlListableBeanFactoryTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlListableBeanFactoryTests$1
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/TestBeanCreator.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.TestBeanCreator
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/ServiceLocatorFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.ServiceLocatorFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.ServiceLocatorFactoryBeanTests$CustomServiceLocatorException1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.ServiceLocatorFactoryBeanTests$CustomServiceLocatorException2
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.ServiceLocatorFactoryBeanTests$CustomServiceLocatorException3
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.ServiceLocatorFactoryBeanTests$ExceptionClassWithOnlyZeroArgCtor
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.ServiceLocatorFactoryBeanTests$ExtendedTestService
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.ServiceLocatorFactoryBeanTests$ServiceLocatorInterfaceWithExtraNonCompliantMethod
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.ServiceLocatorFactoryBeanTests$TestService
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.ServiceLocatorFactoryBeanTests$TestService2
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.ServiceLocatorFactoryBeanTests$TestService2Locator
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.ServiceLocatorFactoryBeanTests$TestServiceLocator
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.ServiceLocatorFactoryBeanTests$TestServiceLocator2
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.ServiceLocatorFactoryBeanTests$TestServiceLocator3
org/springframework/beans/factory/config/PropertyResourceConfigurerTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.PropertyResourceConfigurerTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.PropertyResourceConfigurerTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.PropertyResourceConfigurerTests$ConvertingOverrideConfigurer
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.PropertyResourceConfigurerTests$MockPreferences
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.PropertyResourceConfigurerTests$MockPreferencesFactory
 org.springframework.beans.factory.config.PropertyResourceConfigurerTests$PropertiesHolder
org/springframework/beans/factory/parsing/ParseStateTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing.ParseStateTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing.ParseStateTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing.ParseStateTests$MockEntry
org/springframework/beans/factory/ConcurrentBeanFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.ConcurrentBeanFactoryTests
 org.springframework.beans.factory.ConcurrentBeanFactoryTests$1
 org.springframework.beans.factory.ConcurrentBeanFactoryTests$ConcurrentBean
 org.springframework.beans.factory.ConcurrentBeanFactoryTests$TestRun
org/springframework/beans/factory/xml/MixedCollectionBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.MixedCollectionBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/BeanDefinitionBuilderTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.BeanDefinitionBuilderTests
org/springframework/beans/support/DerivedFromProtectedBaseBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.support.DerivedFromProtectedBaseBean
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/security/support/FactoryBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.support.FactoryBean
org/springframework/beans/AbstractPropertyValuesTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.AbstractPropertyValuesTests
org/springframework/beans/factory/support/ManagedListTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.factory.support.ManagedListTests
org/springframework/beans/ExtendedBeanInfoFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoFactoryTests
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoFactoryTests$1C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoFactoryTests$2C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoFactoryTests$3C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoFactoryTests$4C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoFactoryTests$5C
 org.springframework.beans.ExtendedBeanInfoFactoryTests$6C
