org/springframework/orm/jpa/persistenceunit/PersistenceUnitManager.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit.PersistenceUnitManager
org/springframework/orm/ObjectOptimisticLockingFailureException.java
 org.springframework.orm.ObjectOptimisticLockingFailureException
org/springframework/orm/jpa/vendor/SpringHibernateJpaPersistenceProvider.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor.SpringHibernateJpaPersistenceProvider
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor.SpringHibernateJpaPersistenceProvider$1
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/HibernateOperations.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.HibernateOperations
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/SessionHolder.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.SessionHolder
org/springframework/orm/jpa/persistenceunit/SmartPersistenceUnitInfo.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit.SmartPersistenceUnitInfo
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/SessionFactoryUtils.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.SessionFactoryUtils
org/springframework/orm/jpa/JpaTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManager
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManager$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManager$JpaTransactionDefinition
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManager$JpaTransactionObject
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManager$SuspendedResourcesHolder
org/springframework/orm/jpa/persistenceunit/ClassFileTransformerAdapter.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit.ClassFileTransformerAdapter
org/springframework/orm/jpa/DefaultJpaDialect.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.DefaultJpaDialect
org/springframework/orm/jpa/EntityManagerFactoryAccessor.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.EntityManagerFactoryAccessor
org/springframework/orm/jpa/persistenceunit/SpringPersistenceUnitInfo.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit.SpringPersistenceUnitInfo
org/springframework/orm/jpa/JpaOptimisticLockingFailureException.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaOptimisticLockingFailureException
org/springframework/orm/jpa/package-info.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.package-info
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/support/OpenSessionInViewInterceptor.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.support.OpenSessionInViewInterceptor
org/springframework/orm/jpa/vendor/HibernateJpaSessionFactoryBean.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor.HibernateJpaSessionFactoryBean
org/springframework/orm/jpa/EntityManagerFactoryUtils.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.EntityManagerFactoryUtils
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.EntityManagerFactoryUtils$TransactionScopedEntityManagerSynchronization
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.EntityManagerFactoryUtils$TransactionalEntityManagerSynchronization
org/springframework/orm/jpa/support/SharedEntityManagerBean.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.SharedEntityManagerBean
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/ConfigurableJtaPlatform.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.ConfigurableJtaPlatform
org/springframework/orm/jpa/LocalEntityManagerFactoryBean.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.LocalEntityManagerFactoryBean
org/springframework/orm/jpa/vendor/HibernateJpaVendorAdapter.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor.HibernateJpaVendorAdapter
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor.HibernateJpaVendorAdapter$1
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/support/OpenSessionInViewFilter.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.support.OpenSessionInViewFilter
org/springframework/orm/jpa/LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBean.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBean
org/springframework/orm/jpa/EntityManagerFactoryInfo.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.EntityManagerFactoryInfo
org/springframework/orm/jpa/ExtendedEntityManagerCreator.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.ExtendedEntityManagerCreator
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.ExtendedEntityManagerCreator$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.ExtendedEntityManagerCreator$ExtendedEntityManagerInvocationHandler
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.ExtendedEntityManagerCreator$ExtendedEntityManagerSynchronization
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/LocalSessionFactoryBean.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.LocalSessionFactoryBean
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/support/package-info.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.support.package-info
org/springframework/orm/jpa/support/OpenEntityManagerInViewInterceptor.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.OpenEntityManagerInViewInterceptor
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/SpringBeanContainer.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.SpringBeanContainer
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.SpringBeanContainer$SpringContainedBean
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/SpringJtaSessionContext.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.SpringJtaSessionContext
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/HibernateOptimisticLockingFailureException.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.HibernateOptimisticLockingFailureException
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/HibernateSystemException.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.HibernateSystemException
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/HibernateJdbcException.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.HibernateJdbcException
org/springframework/orm/jpa/support/package-info.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.package-info
org/springframework/orm/jpa/EntityManagerHolder.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.EntityManagerHolder
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/HibernateQueryException.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.HibernateQueryException
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/HibernateExceptionTranslator.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.HibernateExceptionTranslator
org/springframework/orm/jpa/AbstractEntityManagerFactoryBean.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.AbstractEntityManagerFactoryBean
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.AbstractEntityManagerFactoryBean$ManagedEntityManagerFactoryInvocationHandler
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.AbstractEntityManagerFactoryBean$SerializedEntityManagerFactoryBeanReference
org/springframework/orm/jpa/SharedEntityManagerCreator.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.SharedEntityManagerCreator
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.SharedEntityManagerCreator$DeferredQueryInvocationHandler
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.SharedEntityManagerCreator$SharedEntityManagerInvocationHandler
org/springframework/orm/jpa/JpaVendorAdapter.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaVendorAdapter
org/springframework/orm/jpa/persistenceunit/MutablePersistenceUnitInfo.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit.MutablePersistenceUnitInfo
org/springframework/orm/jpa/JpaSystemException.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaSystemException
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/SpringSessionContext.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.SpringSessionContext
org/springframework/orm/jpa/JpaDialect.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaDialect
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/package-info.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.package-info
org/springframework/orm/jpa/persistenceunit/package-info.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit.package-info
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/LocalSessionFactoryBuilder.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.LocalSessionFactoryBuilder
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.LocalSessionFactoryBuilder$BootstrapSessionFactoryInvocationHandler
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/HibernateTransactionManager.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.HibernateTransactionManager
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.HibernateTransactionManager$1
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.HibernateTransactionManager$HibernateTransactionObject
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.HibernateTransactionManager$SuspendedResourcesHolder
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/HibernateObjectRetrievalFailureException.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.HibernateObjectRetrievalFailureException
org/springframework/orm/jpa/persistenceunit/PersistenceUnitPostProcessor.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit.PersistenceUnitPostProcessor
org/springframework/orm/jpa/support/PersistenceAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceAnnotationBeanPostProcessor
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceAnnotationBeanPostProcessor$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceAnnotationBeanPostProcessor$LocatorDelegate
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceAnnotationBeanPostProcessor$PersistenceElement
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/HibernateTemplate.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.HibernateTemplate
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.HibernateTemplate$CloseSuppressingInvocationHandler
org/springframework/orm/jpa/vendor/Database.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor.Database
org/springframework/orm/ObjectRetrievalFailureException.java
 org.springframework.orm.ObjectRetrievalFailureException
org/springframework/orm/jpa/persistenceunit/PersistenceUnitReader.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit.PersistenceUnitReader
org/springframework/orm/jpa/JpaObjectRetrievalFailureException.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaObjectRetrievalFailureException
org/springframework/orm/jpa/vendor/package-info.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor.package-info
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/support/HibernateDaoSupport.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.support.HibernateDaoSupport
org/springframework/orm/jpa/support/AsyncRequestInterceptor.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.AsyncRequestInterceptor
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/support/AsyncRequestInterceptor.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.support.AsyncRequestInterceptor
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/SpringFlushSynchronization.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.SpringFlushSynchronization
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/SpringSessionSynchronization.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.SpringSessionSynchronization
org/springframework/orm/jpa/vendor/EclipseLinkJpaVendorAdapter.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor.EclipseLinkJpaVendorAdapter
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor.EclipseLinkJpaVendorAdapter$1
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/support/OpenSessionInterceptor.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.support.OpenSessionInterceptor
org/springframework/orm/hibernate5/HibernateCallback.java
 org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.HibernateCallback
org/springframework/orm/jpa/persistenceunit/DefaultPersistenceUnitManager.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit.DefaultPersistenceUnitManager
org/springframework/orm/jpa/vendor/HibernateJpaDialect.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor.HibernateJpaDialect
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor.HibernateJpaDialect$HibernateConnectionHandle
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor.HibernateJpaDialect$SessionTransactionData
org/springframework/orm/jpa/vendor/EclipseLinkJpaDialect.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor.EclipseLinkJpaDialect
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor.EclipseLinkJpaDialect$EclipseLinkConnectionHandle
org/springframework/orm/jpa/support/OpenEntityManagerInViewFilter.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.OpenEntityManagerInViewFilter
org/springframework/orm/jpa/vendor/AbstractJpaVendorAdapter.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor.AbstractJpaVendorAdapter
org/springframework/orm/jpa/EntityManagerProxy.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.EntityManagerProxy
org/springframework/orm/package-info.java
 org.springframework.orm.package-info
