org/springframework/r2dbc/connection/lookup/DummyConnectionFactory.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.lookup.DummyConnectionFactory
org/springframework/r2dbc/connection/init/H2DatabasePopulatorIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.init.H2DatabasePopulatorIntegrationTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/core/binding/NamedBindMarkersUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.binding.NamedBindMarkersUnitTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/connection/R2dbcTransactionManagerUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.R2dbcTransactionManagerUnitTests
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.R2dbcTransactionManagerUnitTests$TestTransactionSynchronization
org/springframework/r2dbc/connection/init/CompositeDatabasePopulatorTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.init.CompositeDatabasePopulatorTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/core/binding/IndexedBindMarkersUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.binding.IndexedBindMarkersUnitTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/core/binding/AnonymousBindMarkersUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.binding.AnonymousBindMarkersUnitTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/connection/lookup/AbstractRoutingConnectionFactoryUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.lookup.AbstractRoutingConnectionFactoryUnitTests
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.lookup.AbstractRoutingConnectionFactoryUnitTests$DummyRoutingConnectionFactory
org/springframework/r2dbc/core/H2TransactionalDatabaseClientIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.H2TransactionalDatabaseClientIntegrationTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/core/AbstractDatabaseClientIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.AbstractDatabaseClientIntegrationTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/connection/init/AbstractDatabaseInitializationTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.init.AbstractDatabaseInitializationTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/connection/lookup/BeanFactoryConnectionFactoryLookupUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.lookup.BeanFactoryConnectionFactoryLookupUnitTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/connection/TransactionAwareConnectionFactoryProxyUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.TransactionAwareConnectionFactoryProxyUnitTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/connection/init/ResourceDatabasePopulatorUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.init.ResourceDatabasePopulatorUnitTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/connection/init/ConnectionFactoryInitializerUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.init.ConnectionFactoryInitializerUnitTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/core/DefaultDatabaseClientUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.DefaultDatabaseClientUnitTests
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.DefaultDatabaseClientUnitTests$1
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.DefaultDatabaseClientUnitTests$2
org/springframework/r2dbc/core/H2DatabaseClientIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.H2DatabaseClientIntegrationTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/connection/DelegatingConnectionFactoryUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.DelegatingConnectionFactoryUnitTests
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.DelegatingConnectionFactoryUnitTests$ExampleConnectionFactory
org/springframework/r2dbc/connection/ConnectionFactoryUtilsUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.ConnectionFactoryUtilsUnitTests
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.ConnectionFactoryUtilsUnitTests$1
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.ConnectionFactoryUtilsUnitTests$MyTransientExceptions
org/springframework/r2dbc/connection/init/ScriptUtilsUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.init.ScriptUtilsUnitTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/connection/SingleConnectionFactoryUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.SingleConnectionFactoryUnitTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/connection/lookup/MapConnectionFactoryLookupUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.connection.lookup.MapConnectionFactoryLookupUnitTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/core/NamedParameterUtilsUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.NamedParameterUtilsUnitTests
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.NamedParameterUtilsUnitTests$1
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.NamedParameterUtilsUnitTests$2
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.NamedParameterUtilsUnitTests$3
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.NamedParameterUtilsUnitTests$4
org/springframework/r2dbc/core/binding/BindingsUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.binding.BindingsUnitTests
org/springframework/r2dbc/core/AbstractTransactionalDatabaseClientIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.AbstractTransactionalDatabaseClientIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.r2dbc.core.AbstractTransactionalDatabaseClientIntegrationTests$Config
