org/springframework/http/server/reactive/ContextPathCompositeHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ContextPathCompositeHandlerTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ContextPathCompositeHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ContextPathCompositeHandlerTests$TestHttpHandler
org/springframework/web/method/annotation/RequestHeaderMapMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.RequestHeaderMapMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/server/session/HeaderWebSessionIdResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.server.session.HeaderWebSessionIdResolverTests
org/springframework/http/client/BufferedSimpleHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.BufferedSimpleHttpRequestFactoryTests
 org.springframework.http.client.BufferedSimpleHttpRequestFactoryTests$TestHttpURLConnection
org/springframework/http/codec/json/Jackson2TokenizerTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.Jackson2TokenizerTests
org/springframework/web/server/session/WebSessionIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.server.session.WebSessionIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.server.session.WebSessionIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.server.session.WebSessionIntegrationTests$TestWebHandler
org/springframework/http/MediaTypeFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.MediaTypeFactoryTests
org/springframework/http/codec/xml/jaxb/XmlRootElementWithName.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.xml.jaxb.XmlRootElementWithName
org/springframework/web/context/support/AnnotationConfigWebApplicationContextTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.support.AnnotationConfigWebApplicationContextTests
 org.springframework.web.context.support.AnnotationConfigWebApplicationContextTests$1
 org.springframework.web.context.support.AnnotationConfigWebApplicationContextTests$Config
 org.springframework.web.context.support.AnnotationConfigWebApplicationContextTests$TestBean
org/springframework/http/codec/xml/jaxb/package-info.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.xml.jaxb.package-info
org/springframework/http/MediaTypeTests.java
 org.springframework.http.MediaTypeTests
org/springframework/web/accept/ContentNegotiationManagerFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.web.accept.ContentNegotiationManagerFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.web.accept.ContentNegotiationManagerFactoryBeanTests$1
 org.springframework.web.accept.ContentNegotiationManagerFactoryBeanTests$TestServletContext
org/springframework/http/RequestEntityTests.java
 org.springframework.http.RequestEntityTests
 org.springframework.http.RequestEntityTests$1
org/springframework/http/client/BufferedSimpleAsyncHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.BufferedSimpleAsyncHttpRequestFactoryTests
org/springframework/http/client/SimpleClientHttpResponseTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.SimpleClientHttpResponseTests
 org.springframework.http.client.SimpleClientHttpResponseTests$TestByteArrayInputStream
org/springframework/web/client/DefaultResponseErrorHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.client.DefaultResponseErrorHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.client.DefaultResponseErrorHandlerTests$TestByteArrayInputStream
org/springframework/web/context/request/async/StandardServletAsyncWebRequestTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.StandardServletAsyncWebRequestTests
org/springframework/http/codec/multipart/DefaultPartHttpMessageReaderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.multipart.DefaultPartHttpMessageReaderTests
 org.springframework.http.codec.multipart.DefaultPartHttpMessageReaderTests$1
 org.springframework.http.codec.multipart.DefaultPartHttpMessageReaderTests$CancelSubscriber
 org.springframework.http.codec.multipart.DefaultPartHttpMessageReaderTests$ParameterizedDefaultPartHttpMessageReaderTest
org/springframework/protobuf/OuterSample.java
 org.springframework.protobuf.OuterSample
 org.springframework.protobuf.OuterSample$1
org/springframework/http/converter/json/Jackson2ObjectMapperBuilderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperBuilderTests
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperBuilderTests$Bar
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperBuilderTests$BarSerializer
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperBuilderTests$CustomIntegerModule
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperBuilderTests$CustomIntegerSerializer
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperBuilderTests$DemoPojo
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperBuilderTests$Foo
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperBuilderTests$FooSerializer
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperBuilderTests$JacksonFilteredBean
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperBuilderTests$JacksonVisibilityBean
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperBuilderTests$ListContainer
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperBuilderTests$MyXmlFactory
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperBuilderTests$OffsetDateTimeDeserializer
org/springframework/web/context/support/ResourceTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.support.ResourceTests
org/springframework/web/multipart/support/DefaultMultipartHttpServletRequestTests.java
 org.springframework.web.multipart.support.DefaultMultipartHttpServletRequestTests
org/springframework/http/client/MultipartBodyBuilderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.MultipartBodyBuilderTests
 org.springframework.http.client.MultipartBodyBuilderTests$1
org/springframework/web/util/UriComponentsTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.UriComponentsTests
org/springframework/http/HttpEntityTests.java
 org.springframework.http.HttpEntityTests
org/springframework/web/jsf/DelegatingPhaseListenerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.jsf.DelegatingPhaseListenerTests
 org.springframework.web.jsf.DelegatingPhaseListenerTests$1
 org.springframework.web.jsf.DelegatingPhaseListenerTests$TestListener
org/springframework/http/codec/support/ClientCodecConfigurerTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.support.ClientCodecConfigurerTests
org/springframework/http/codec/multipart/SynchronossPartHttpMessageReaderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.multipart.SynchronossPartHttpMessageReaderTests
 org.springframework.http.codec.multipart.SynchronossPartHttpMessageReaderTests$1
 org.springframework.http.codec.multipart.SynchronossPartHttpMessageReaderTests$ZeroDemandSubscriber
org/springframework/http/HttpHeadersTests.java
 org.springframework.http.HttpHeadersTests
org/springframework/web/method/annotation/RequestHeaderMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.RequestHeaderMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/http/converter/ResourceHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.ResourceHttpMessageConverterTests
org/springframework/web/filter/CompositeFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.filter.CompositeFilterTests
 org.springframework.web.filter.CompositeFilterTests$MockFilter
org/springframework/web/context/request/async/DeferredResultTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.DeferredResultTests
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.DeferredResultTests$1
org/springframework/web/method/annotation/MapMethodProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.MapMethodProcessorTests
org/springframework/web/method/annotation/ModelMethodProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelMethodProcessorTests
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/MultipartIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.MultipartIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.MultipartIntegrationTests$CheckRequestHandler
org/springframework/web/context/support/SpringBeanAutowiringSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.support.SpringBeanAutowiringSupportTests
 org.springframework.web.context.support.SpringBeanAutowiringSupportTests$InjectionTarget
org/springframework/web/util/WebUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.WebUtilsTests
org/springframework/web/server/handler/FilteringWebHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.server.handler.FilteringWebHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.server.handler.FilteringWebHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.web.server.handler.FilteringWebHandlerTests$AsyncFilter
 org.springframework.web.server.handler.FilteringWebHandlerTests$ExceptionFilter
 org.springframework.web.server.handler.FilteringWebHandlerTests$ShortcircuitingFilter
 org.springframework.web.server.handler.FilteringWebHandlerTests$StubWebHandler
 org.springframework.web.server.handler.FilteringWebHandlerTests$TestExceptionHandler
 org.springframework.web.server.handler.FilteringWebHandlerTests$TestFilter
org/springframework/http/client/InterceptingStreamingHttpComponentsTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.InterceptingStreamingHttpComponentsTests
org/springframework/web/client/HttpStatusCodeExceptionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.client.HttpStatusCodeExceptionTests
org/springframework/web/context/request/RequestContextListenerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.request.RequestContextListenerTests
 org.springframework.web.context.request.RequestContextListenerTests$1
org/springframework/http/client/SimpleClientHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.SimpleClientHttpRequestFactoryTests
org/springframework/http/converter/xml/MappingJackson2XmlHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.MappingJackson2XmlHttpMessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.MappingJackson2XmlHttpMessageConverterTests$1
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.MappingJackson2XmlHttpMessageConverterTests$JacksonViewBean
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.MappingJackson2XmlHttpMessageConverterTests$MyBean
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.MappingJackson2XmlHttpMessageConverterTests$MyJacksonView1
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.MappingJackson2XmlHttpMessageConverterTests$MyJacksonView2
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.MappingJackson2XmlHttpMessageConverterTests$MyXmlMapper
org/springframework/http/codec/xml/jaxb/XmlType.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.xml.jaxb.XmlType
org/springframework/web/cors/reactive/UrlBasedCorsConfigurationSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.web.cors.reactive.UrlBasedCorsConfigurationSourceTests
org/springframework/http/client/AbstractAsyncHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.AbstractAsyncHttpRequestFactoryTests
 org.springframework.http.client.AbstractAsyncHttpRequestFactoryTests$1
org/springframework/http/codec/FormHttpMessageWriterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.FormHttpMessageWriterTests
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/ZeroCopyIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ZeroCopyIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ZeroCopyIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ZeroCopyIntegrationTests$ZeroCopyHandler
org/springframework/http/client/BufferingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.BufferingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/ListenerWriteProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ListenerWriteProcessorTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ListenerWriteProcessorTests$1
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ListenerWriteProcessorTests$TestListenerWriteProcessor
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ListenerWriteProcessorTests$TestResultSubscriber
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ListenerWriteProcessorTests$TestSubscription
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/ErrorHandlerIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ErrorHandlerIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ErrorHandlerIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ErrorHandlerIntegrationTests$ErrorHandler
org/springframework/web/util/pattern/PathPatternParserTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.pattern.PathPatternParserTests
org/springframework/http/client/NoOutputStreamingBufferedSimpleHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.NoOutputStreamingBufferedSimpleHttpRequestFactoryTests
org/springframework/web/util/HtmlUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.HtmlUtilsTests
org/springframework/web/bind/support/WebRequestDataBinderTests.java
 org.springframework.web.bind.support.WebRequestDataBinderTests
 org.springframework.web.bind.support.WebRequestDataBinderTests$1
 org.springframework.web.bind.support.WebRequestDataBinderTests$EnumHolder
 org.springframework.web.bind.support.WebRequestDataBinderTests$MyEnum
 org.springframework.web.bind.support.WebRequestDataBinderTests$TestBeanWithConcreteSpouse
org/springframework/web/method/annotation/WebArgumentResolverAdapterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.WebArgumentResolverAdapterTests
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.WebArgumentResolverAdapterTests$TestWebArgumentResolverAdapter
org/springframework/http/converter/protobuf/ProtobufHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.protobuf.ProtobufHttpMessageConverterTests
org/springframework/remoting/jaxws/OrderNotFoundException.java
 org.springframework.remoting.jaxws.OrderNotFoundException
org/springframework/http/converter/xml/Jaxb2RootElementHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2RootElementHttpMessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2RootElementHttpMessageConverterTests$MyCustomElement
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2RootElementHttpMessageConverterTests$MyCustomElementAdapter
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2RootElementHttpMessageConverterTests$MyJaxb2RootElementHttpMessageConverter
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2RootElementHttpMessageConverterTests$MyRootElement
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2RootElementHttpMessageConverterTests$RootElement
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2RootElementHttpMessageConverterTests$RootElementSubclass
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2RootElementHttpMessageConverterTests$Type
org/springframework/http/client/NoOutputStreamingStreamingSimpleHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.NoOutputStreamingStreamingSimpleHttpRequestFactoryTests
org/springframework/web/method/annotation/ModelFactoryOrderingTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryOrderingTests
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryOrderingTests$1
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryOrderingTests$A
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryOrderingTests$AbstractController
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryOrderingTests$B1
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryOrderingTests$B2
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryOrderingTests$C1
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryOrderingTests$C2
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryOrderingTests$C3
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryOrderingTests$C4
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryOrderingTests$InvertedTreeDependencyController
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryOrderingTests$StraightLineDependencyController
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryOrderingTests$TreeDependencyController
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryOrderingTests$UnresolvedDependencyController
org/springframework/web/method/annotation/ErrorsMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ErrorsMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/http/codec/xml/Jaxb2XmlDecoderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.xml.Jaxb2XmlDecoderTests
 org.springframework.http.codec.xml.Jaxb2XmlDecoderTests$TypePojo
org/springframework/web/server/handler/ResponseStatusExceptionHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.server.handler.ResponseStatusExceptionHandlerTests
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/ServerHttpRequestIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ServerHttpRequestIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ServerHttpRequestIntegrationTests$CheckRequestHandler
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/WriteOnlyHandlerIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.WriteOnlyHandlerIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.WriteOnlyHandlerIntegrationTests$WriteOnlyHandler
org/springframework/http/client/Netty4AsyncClientHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.Netty4AsyncClientHttpRequestFactoryTests
org/springframework/http/client/Netty4ClientHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.Netty4ClientHttpRequestFactoryTests
org/springframework/http/codec/cbor/Jackson2CborEncoderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.cbor.Jackson2CborEncoderTests
org/springframework/web/multipart/commons/CommonsMultipartResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.multipart.commons.CommonsMultipartResolverTests
 org.springframework.web.multipart.commons.CommonsMultipartResolverTests$1
 org.springframework.web.multipart.commons.CommonsMultipartResolverTests$2
 org.springframework.web.multipart.commons.CommonsMultipartResolverTests$3
 org.springframework.web.multipart.commons.CommonsMultipartResolverTests$MockCommonsMultipartResolver
 org.springframework.web.multipart.commons.CommonsMultipartResolverTests$MockCommonsMultipartResolver$1
 org.springframework.web.multipart.commons.CommonsMultipartResolverTests$MockFileItem
 org.springframework.web.multipart.commons.CommonsMultipartResolverTests$MultipartTestBean1
 org.springframework.web.multipart.commons.CommonsMultipartResolverTests$MultipartTestBean2
org/springframework/web/client/RestTemplateIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.client.RestTemplateIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.client.RestTemplateIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.client.RestTemplateIntegrationTests$Bar
 org.springframework.web.client.RestTemplateIntegrationTests$Foo
 org.springframework.web.client.RestTemplateIntegrationTests$MyJacksonView1
 org.springframework.web.client.RestTemplateIntegrationTests$MyJacksonView2
 org.springframework.web.client.RestTemplateIntegrationTests$MySampleBean
 org.springframework.web.client.RestTemplateIntegrationTests$ParameterizedRestTemplateTest
 org.springframework.web.client.RestTemplateIntegrationTests$ParentClass
org/springframework/http/client/support/ProxyFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.support.ProxyFactoryBeanTests
org/springframework/web/method/annotation/ModelAttributeMethodProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelAttributeMethodProcessorTests
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelAttributeMethodProcessorTests$ModelAttributeHandler
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelAttributeMethodProcessorTests$StubRequestDataBinder
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelAttributeMethodProcessorTests$Valid
org/springframework/http/converter/FormHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.FormHttpMessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.http.converter.FormHttpMessageConverterTests$1
 org.springframework.http.converter.FormHttpMessageConverterTests$MockHttpOutputMessageRequestContext
 org.springframework.http.converter.FormHttpMessageConverterTests$MyBean
org/springframework/web/filter/RequestContextFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.filter.RequestContextFilterTests
 org.springframework.web.filter.RequestContextFilterTests$1DummyFilterChain
org/springframework/remoting/jaxws/OrderServiceImpl.java
 org.springframework.remoting.jaxws.OrderServiceImpl
org/springframework/web/util/pattern/PathPatternRouteMatcherTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.pattern.PathPatternRouteMatcherTests
org/springframework/web/context/request/RequestAndSessionScopedBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.request.RequestAndSessionScopedBeanTests
org/springframework/web/context/support/StandardServletEnvironmentTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.support.StandardServletEnvironmentTests
org/springframework/remoting/jaxws/JaxWsSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.remoting.jaxws.JaxWsSupportTests
 org.springframework.remoting.jaxws.JaxWsSupportTests$OrderServiceService
 org.springframework.remoting.jaxws.JaxWsSupportTests$ServiceAccessor
org/springframework/http/codec/protobuf/ProtobufEncoderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.protobuf.ProtobufEncoderTests
org/springframework/web/context/support/Spr8510Tests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.support.Spr8510Tests
 org.springframework.web.context.support.Spr8510Tests$1
org/springframework/http/codec/cbor/Jackson2CborDecoderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.cbor.Jackson2CborDecoderTests
org/springframework/http/codec/ResourceHttpMessageWriterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.ResourceHttpMessageWriterTests
org/springframework/web/filter/CorsFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.filter.CorsFilterTests
org/springframework/web/method/annotation/InitBinderDataBinderFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.InitBinderDataBinderFactoryTests
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.InitBinderDataBinderFactoryTests$1
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.InitBinderDataBinderFactoryTests$InitBinderHandler
org/springframework/web/server/i18n/AcceptHeaderLocaleContextResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.server.i18n.AcceptHeaderLocaleContextResolverTests
org/springframework/web/util/HtmlCharacterEntityReferencesTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.HtmlCharacterEntityReferencesTests
 org.springframework.web.util.HtmlCharacterEntityReferencesTests$CharacterEntityResourceIterator
org/springframework/web/method/annotation/RequestParamMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.RequestParamMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/http/converter/protobuf/ProtobufJsonFormatHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.protobuf.ProtobufJsonFormatHttpMessageConverterTests
org/springframework/web/filter/OncePerRequestFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilterTests
 org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilterTests$1
 org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilterTests$TestOncePerRequestFilter
org/springframework/http/ResponseEntityTests.java
 org.springframework.http.ResponseEntityTests
org/springframework/http/codec/support/ServerCodecConfigurerTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.support.ServerCodecConfigurerTests
org/springframework/http/MockHttpInputMessage.java
 org.springframework.http.MockHttpInputMessage
org/springframework/web/context/request/async/WebAsyncManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerTests
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerTests$1
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerTests$StubCallable
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerTests$SyncTaskExecutor
org/springframework/web/filter/reactive/ServerWebExchangeContextFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.filter.reactive.ServerWebExchangeContextFilterTests
 org.springframework.web.filter.reactive.ServerWebExchangeContextFilterTests$1
 org.springframework.web.filter.reactive.ServerWebExchangeContextFilterTests$MyService
org/springframework/web/util/DefaultUriBuilderFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.DefaultUriBuilderFactoryTests
org/springframework/web/multipart/support/ByteArrayMultipartFileEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.multipart.support.ByteArrayMultipartFileEditorTests
 org.springframework.web.multipart.support.ByteArrayMultipartFileEditorTests$1
org/springframework/web/bind/ServletRequestUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.web.bind.ServletRequestUtilsTests
org/springframework/web/util/JavaScriptUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.JavaScriptUtilsTests
org/springframework/web/util/UriUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.UriUtilsTests
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/CookieIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.CookieIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.CookieIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.CookieIntegrationTests$CookieHandler
org/springframework/http/codec/ServerSentEventHttpMessageReaderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.ServerSentEventHttpMessageReaderTests
org/springframework/protobuf/MsgOrBuilder.java
 org.springframework.protobuf.MsgOrBuilder
org/springframework/http/codec/xml/Jaxb2XmlEncoderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.xml.Jaxb2XmlEncoderTests
 org.springframework.http.codec.xml.Jaxb2XmlEncoderTests$Bar
 org.springframework.http.codec.xml.Jaxb2XmlEncoderTests$Container
 org.springframework.http.codec.xml.Jaxb2XmlEncoderTests$Foo
 org.springframework.http.codec.xml.Jaxb2XmlEncoderTests$Model
org/springframework/web/context/ContextLoaderInitializerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderInitializerTests
 org.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderInitializerTests$1
 org.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderInitializerTests$MyBean
 org.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderInitializerTests$MyContextLoaderInitializer
 org.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderInitializerTests$MyMockServletContext
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/ServerHttpRequestTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ServerHttpRequestTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ServerHttpRequestTests$TestHttpServletRequest
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ServerHttpRequestTests$TestHttpServletRequest$1
org/springframework/http/codec/json/JacksonViewBean.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.JacksonViewBean
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.JacksonViewBean$MyJacksonView1
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.JacksonViewBean$MyJacksonView2
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.JacksonViewBean$MyJacksonView3
org/springframework/web/filter/DelegatingFilterProxyTests.java
 org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxyTests
 org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxyTests$MockFilter
org/springframework/web/util/UriTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.UriTemplateTests
org/springframework/http/converter/StringHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.StringHttpMessageConverterTests
org/springframework/web/method/support/InvocableHandlerMethodTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.support.InvocableHandlerMethodTests
 org.springframework.web.method.support.InvocableHandlerMethodTests$1
 org.springframework.web.method.support.InvocableHandlerMethodTests$ExceptionRaisingArgumentResolver
 org.springframework.web.method.support.InvocableHandlerMethodTests$Handler
org/springframework/http/HttpRangeTests.java
 org.springframework.http.HttpRangeTests
org/springframework/web/server/i18n/FixedLocaleContextResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.server.i18n.FixedLocaleContextResolverTests
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/RandomHandlerIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.RandomHandlerIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.RandomHandlerIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.RandomHandlerIntegrationTests$RandomHandler
org/springframework/http/client/reactive/ClientHttpConnectorTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.reactive.ClientHttpConnectorTests
 org.springframework.http.client.reactive.ClientHttpConnectorTests$ParameterizedConnectorTest
org/springframework/web/context/request/ServletWebRequestHttpMethodsTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.request.ServletWebRequestHttpMethodsTests
 org.springframework.web.context.request.ServletWebRequestHttpMethodsTests$ParameterizedHttpMethodTest
org/springframework/web/method/support/HandlerMethodArgumentResolverCompositeTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.support.HandlerMethodArgumentResolverCompositeTests
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/ServerHttpsRequestIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ServerHttpsRequestIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ServerHttpsRequestIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ServerHttpsRequestIntegrationTests$CheckRequestHandler
org/springframework/web/bind/EscapedErrorsTests.java
 org.springframework.web.bind.EscapedErrorsTests
org/springframework/web/filter/HiddenHttpMethodFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.filter.HiddenHttpMethodFilterTests
 org.springframework.web.filter.HiddenHttpMethodFilterTests$1
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/ServerHttpResponseTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ServerHttpResponseTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ServerHttpResponseTests$TestServerHttpResponse
org/springframework/http/client/support/BasicAuthorizationInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.support.BasicAuthorizationInterceptorTests
org/springframework/web/context/request/ServletWebRequestTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.request.ServletWebRequestTests
org/springframework/http/codec/EncoderHttpMessageWriterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.EncoderHttpMessageWriterTests
org/springframework/http/converter/xml/SourceHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.SourceHttpMessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.SourceHttpMessageConverterTests$1
org/springframework/http/server/ServletServerHttpResponseTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.ServletServerHttpResponseTests
org/springframework/web/cors/DefaultCorsProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.cors.DefaultCorsProcessorTests
org/springframework/web/util/UriComponentsBuilderTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.UriComponentsBuilderTests
 org.springframework.web.util.UriComponentsBuilderTests$1
org/springframework/http/codec/support/CodecConfigurerTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.support.CodecConfigurerTests
 org.springframework.http.codec.support.CodecConfigurerTests$TestCodecConfigurer
org/springframework/http/client/AbstractHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.AbstractHttpRequestFactoryTests
org/springframework/web/method/ControllerAdviceBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$1
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$AbstractController
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$AnnotatedController
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$AnnotationSupport
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$AssignableTypesSupport
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$BasePackageSupport
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$BasePackageValueSupport
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$Config
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$ControllerAnnotation
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$ControllerInterface
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$ImplementationController
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$InheritanceController
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$MarkerClass
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$MarkerClassSupport
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$MultipleSelectorsSupport
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$OrderAnnotationControllerAdvice
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$OrderedControllerAdvice
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$PriorityAnnotationControllerAdvice
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$PriorityOrderedControllerAdvice
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$ShouldNotMatch
 org.springframework.web.method.ControllerAdviceBeanTests$SimpleControllerAdvice
org/springframework/web/client/AbstractMockWebServerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.client.AbstractMockWebServerTests
 org.springframework.web.client.AbstractMockWebServerTests$TestDispatcher
org/springframework/protobuf/Msg.java
 org.springframework.protobuf.Msg
 org.springframework.protobuf.Msg$1
 org.springframework.protobuf.Msg$Builder
org/springframework/web/method/annotation/CookieValueMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.CookieValueMethodArgumentResolverTests
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.CookieValueMethodArgumentResolverTests$TestCookieValueMethodArgumentResolver
org/springframework/http/client/OkHttp3AsyncClientHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.OkHttp3AsyncClientHttpRequestFactoryTests
org/springframework/web/client/RestTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.web.client.RestTemplateTests
 org.springframework.web.client.RestTemplateTests$1
org/springframework/http/converter/json/Jackson2ObjectMapperFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperFactoryBeanTests$CustomIntegerModule
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperFactoryBeanTests$CustomIntegerSerializer
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.Jackson2ObjectMapperFactoryBeanTests$JacksonFilteredBean
org/springframework/http/codec/CancelWithoutDemandCodecTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.CancelWithoutDemandCodecTests
 org.springframework.http.codec.CancelWithoutDemandCodecTests$1
 org.springframework.http.codec.CancelWithoutDemandCodecTests$CancellingOutputMessage
 org.springframework.http.codec.CancelWithoutDemandCodecTests$ZeroDemandMessageSubscriber
 org.springframework.http.codec.CancelWithoutDemandCodecTests$ZeroDemandSubscriber
org/springframework/web/accept/MappingContentNegotiationStrategyTests.java
 org.springframework.web.accept.MappingContentNegotiationStrategyTests
 org.springframework.web.accept.MappingContentNegotiationStrategyTests$TestMappingContentNegotiationStrategy
org/springframework/web/method/annotation/RequestParamMapMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.RequestParamMapMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/client/AsyncRestTemplateIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.client.AsyncRestTemplateIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.client.AsyncRestTemplateIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.client.AsyncRestTemplateIntegrationTests$10
 org.springframework.web.client.AsyncRestTemplateIntegrationTests$11
 org.springframework.web.client.AsyncRestTemplateIntegrationTests$12
 org.springframework.web.client.AsyncRestTemplateIntegrationTests$2
 org.springframework.web.client.AsyncRestTemplateIntegrationTests$3
 org.springframework.web.client.AsyncRestTemplateIntegrationTests$4
 org.springframework.web.client.AsyncRestTemplateIntegrationTests$5
 org.springframework.web.client.AsyncRestTemplateIntegrationTests$6
 org.springframework.web.client.AsyncRestTemplateIntegrationTests$7
 org.springframework.web.client.AsyncRestTemplateIntegrationTests$8
 org.springframework.web.client.AsyncRestTemplateIntegrationTests$9
 org.springframework.web.client.AsyncRestTemplateIntegrationTests$RequestInterceptor
org/springframework/http/converter/feed/AtomFeedHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.feed.AtomFeedHttpMessageConverterTests
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/ListenerReadPublisherTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ListenerReadPublisherTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ListenerReadPublisherTests$1
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ListenerReadPublisherTests$TestListenerReadPublisher
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ListenerReadPublisherTests$TestSubscriber
org/springframework/web/client/ExtractingResponseErrorHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.client.ExtractingResponseErrorHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.client.ExtractingResponseErrorHandlerTests$MyRestClientException
org/springframework/http/client/HttpComponentsClientHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.HttpComponentsClientHttpRequestFactoryTests
 org.springframework.http.client.HttpComponentsClientHttpRequestFactoryTests$1
org/springframework/http/client/HttpComponentsAsyncClientHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.HttpComponentsAsyncClientHttpRequestFactoryTests
org/springframework/http/client/StreamingHttpComponentsClientHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.StreamingHttpComponentsClientHttpRequestFactoryTests
org/springframework/web/jsf/DelegatingNavigationHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.jsf.DelegatingNavigationHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.jsf.DelegatingNavigationHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.web.jsf.DelegatingNavigationHandlerTests$TestDecoratingNavigationHandler
 org.springframework.web.jsf.DelegatingNavigationHandlerTests$TestNavigationHandler
org/springframework/http/codec/json/Jackson2SmileDecoderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.Jackson2SmileDecoderTests
org/springframework/web/method/support/CompositeUriComponentsContributorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.support.CompositeUriComponentsContributorTests
org/springframework/http/codec/json/Jackson2SmileEncoderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.Jackson2SmileEncoderTests
org/springframework/http/converter/json/SpringHandlerInstantiatorTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.SpringHandlerInstantiatorTests
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.SpringHandlerInstantiatorTests$Capitalizer
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.SpringHandlerInstantiatorTests$CustomTypeIdResolver
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.SpringHandlerInstantiatorTests$CustomTypeResolverBuilder
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.SpringHandlerInstantiatorTests$Group
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.SpringHandlerInstantiatorTests$SecurityRegistry
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.SpringHandlerInstantiatorTests$UpperCaseKeyDeserializer
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.SpringHandlerInstantiatorTests$User
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.SpringHandlerInstantiatorTests$UserDeserializer
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.SpringHandlerInstantiatorTests$UserSerializer
org/springframework/http/client/OkHttp3ClientHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.OkHttp3ClientHttpRequestFactoryTests
org/springframework/http/codec/multipart/PartHttpMessageWriterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.multipart.PartHttpMessageWriterTests
org/springframework/core/convert/support/IntegerToEnumConverterFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.IntegerToEnumConverterFactoryTests
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.IntegerToEnumConverterFactoryTests$Color
org/springframework/web/server/adapter/WebHttpHandlerBuilderTests.java
 org.springframework.web.server.adapter.WebHttpHandlerBuilderTests
 org.springframework.web.server.adapter.WebHttpHandlerBuilderTests$ForwardedHeaderFilterConfig
 org.springframework.web.server.adapter.WebHttpHandlerBuilderTests$NoFilterConfig
 org.springframework.web.server.adapter.WebHttpHandlerBuilderTests$OrderedExceptionHandlerBeanConfig
 org.springframework.web.server.adapter.WebHttpHandlerBuilderTests$OrderedWebFilterBeanConfig
org/springframework/http/codec/FormHttpMessageReaderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.FormHttpMessageReaderTests
org/springframework/http/converter/json/MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests$1
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests$2
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests$3
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests$4
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests$5
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests$BeanWithNoDefaultConstructor
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests$JacksonFilteredBean
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests$JacksonViewBean
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests$MyBase
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests$MyBean
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests$MyInterface
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests$MyJacksonView1
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests$MyJacksonView2
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests$MyJacksonView3
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverterTests$PrettyPrintBean
org/springframework/web/bind/support/WebExchangeDataBinderTests.java
 org.springframework.web.bind.support.WebExchangeDataBinderTests
 org.springframework.web.bind.support.WebExchangeDataBinderTests$1
 org.springframework.web.bind.support.WebExchangeDataBinderTests$MultipartBean
 org.springframework.web.bind.support.WebExchangeDataBinderTests$TestBeanPropertyEditor
org/springframework/web/server/adapter/DefaultServerWebExchangeCheckNotModifiedTests.java
 org.springframework.web.server.adapter.DefaultServerWebExchangeCheckNotModifiedTests
org/springframework/web/util/UrlPathHelperTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.UrlPathHelperTests
org/springframework/web/client/HttpMessageConverterExtractorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.client.HttpMessageConverterExtractorTests
 org.springframework.web.client.HttpMessageConverterExtractorTests$1
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/HeadersAdaptersTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.HeadersAdaptersTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.HeadersAdaptersTests$ParameterizedHeadersTest
org/springframework/http/client/AbstractMockWebServerTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.AbstractMockWebServerTests
 org.springframework.http.client.AbstractMockWebServerTests$TestDispatcher
org/springframework/http/codec/xml/jaxb/XmlTypeWithNameAndNamespace.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.xml.jaxb.XmlTypeWithNameAndNamespace
org/springframework/protobuf/SecondMsgOrBuilder.java
 org.springframework.protobuf.SecondMsgOrBuilder
org/springframework/http/CacheControlTests.java
 org.springframework.http.CacheControlTests
org/springframework/web/jsf/MockFacesContext.java
 org.springframework.web.jsf.MockFacesContext
org/springframework/web/context/request/SessionScopeTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.request.SessionScopeTests
 org.springframework.web.context.request.SessionScopeTests$1
 org.springframework.web.context.request.SessionScopeTests$2
 org.springframework.web.context.request.SessionScopeTests$CustomDestructionAwareBeanPostProcessor
 org.springframework.web.context.request.SessionScopeTests$CustomSerializableDestructionAwareBeanPostProcessor
org/springframework/web/multipart/support/StandardMultipartHttpServletRequestTests.java
 org.springframework.web.multipart.support.StandardMultipartHttpServletRequestTests
org/springframework/http/converter/ResourceRegionHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.ResourceRegionHttpMessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.http.converter.ResourceRegionHttpMessageConverterTests$1
 org.springframework.http.converter.ResourceRegionHttpMessageConverterTests$2
org/springframework/web/method/annotation/SessionAttributesHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.SessionAttributesHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.SessionAttributesHandlerTests$SessionAttributeHandler
org/springframework/core/task/MockRunnable.java
 org.springframework.core.task.MockRunnable
org/springframework/web/util/DefaultUriTemplateHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.DefaultUriTemplateHandlerTests
org/springframework/web/bind/ServletRequestDataBinderTests.java
 org.springframework.web.bind.ServletRequestDataBinderTests
 org.springframework.web.bind.ServletRequestDataBinderTests$1
 org.springframework.web.bind.ServletRequestDataBinderTests$2
org/springframework/http/ResponseCookieTests.java
 org.springframework.http.ResponseCookieTests
org/springframework/web/accept/MappingMediaTypeFileExtensionResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.accept.MappingMediaTypeFileExtensionResolverTests
org/springframework/http/server/ServletServerHttpRequestTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.ServletServerHttpRequestTests
org/springframework/web/server/session/CookieWebSessionIdResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.server.session.CookieWebSessionIdResolverTests
org/springframework/http/MockHttpOutputMessage.java
 org.springframework.http.MockHttpOutputMessage
org/springframework/http/codec/ServerSentEventHttpMessageWriterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.ServerSentEventHttpMessageWriterTests
org/springframework/http/client/StreamingSimpleClientHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.StreamingSimpleClientHttpRequestFactoryTests
org/springframework/web/server/adapter/DefaultServerWebExchangeTests.java
 org.springframework.web.server.adapter.DefaultServerWebExchangeTests
org/springframework/http/converter/json/GsonFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.GsonFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.GsonFactoryBeanTests$1
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.GsonFactoryBeanTests$ByteArrayBean
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.GsonFactoryBeanTests$DateBean
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.GsonFactoryBeanTests$StringBean
org/springframework/web/cors/CorsConfigurationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.cors.CorsConfigurationTests
org/springframework/web/method/annotation/ExpressionValueMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ExpressionValueMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/http/converter/smile/MappingJackson2SmileHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.smile.MappingJackson2SmileHttpMessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.http.converter.smile.MappingJackson2SmileHttpMessageConverterTests$MyBean
org/springframework/http/codec/xml/jaxb/XmlTypeWithName.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.xml.jaxb.XmlTypeWithName
org/springframework/web/cors/reactive/CorsUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.web.cors.reactive.CorsUtilsTests
org/springframework/remoting/jaxws/OrderService.java
 org.springframework.remoting.jaxws.OrderService
org/springframework/web/context/request/ServletRequestAttributesTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.request.ServletRequestAttributesTests
 org.springframework.web.context.request.ServletRequestAttributesTests$1
org/springframework/web/filter/FormContentFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.filter.FormContentFilterTests
org/springframework/web/method/support/ModelAndViewContainerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.support.ModelAndViewContainerTests
org/springframework/web/bind/support/WebRequestDataBinderIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.bind.support.WebRequestDataBinderIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.bind.support.WebRequestDataBinderIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.bind.support.WebRequestDataBinderIntegrationTests$AbstractStandardMultipartServlet
 org.springframework.web.bind.support.WebRequestDataBinderIntegrationTests$PartListBean
 org.springframework.web.bind.support.WebRequestDataBinderIntegrationTests$PartListServlet
 org.springframework.web.bind.support.WebRequestDataBinderIntegrationTests$PartsBean
 org.springframework.web.bind.support.WebRequestDataBinderIntegrationTests$PartsServlet
org/springframework/web/cors/UrlBasedCorsConfigurationSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.web.cors.UrlBasedCorsConfigurationSourceTests
 org.springframework.web.cors.UrlBasedCorsConfigurationSourceTests$PathPatternsParameterizedTest
org/springframework/web/context/request/WebApplicationContextScopeTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.request.WebApplicationContextScopeTests
org/springframework/http/codec/xml/jaxb/XmlRootElement.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.xml.jaxb.XmlRootElement
org/springframework/http/ContentDispositionTests.java
 org.springframework.http.ContentDispositionTests
org/springframework/remoting/httpinvoker/HttpInvokerTests.java
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests$1
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests$10
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests$11
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests$12
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests$13
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests$2
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests$3
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests$4
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests$5
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests$6
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests$7
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests$8
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests$9
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests$TestRemoteInvocation
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests$TestRemoteInvocationResultWrapper
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerTests$TestRemoteInvocationWrapper
org/springframework/web/filter/RelativeRedirectFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.filter.RelativeRedirectFilterTests
org/springframework/web/method/annotation/ModelFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryTests
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryTests$1
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryTests$Foo
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ModelFactoryTests$TestController
org/springframework/http/converter/json/GsonHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.GsonHttpMessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.GsonHttpMessageConverterTests$1
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.GsonHttpMessageConverterTests$2
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.GsonHttpMessageConverterTests$3
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.GsonHttpMessageConverterTests$ListHolder
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.GsonHttpMessageConverterTests$MyBase
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.GsonHttpMessageConverterTests$MyBean
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.GsonHttpMessageConverterTests$MyBeanListHolder
org/springframework/http/codec/protobuf/ProtobufDecoderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.protobuf.ProtobufDecoderTests
org/springframework/web/server/handler/ExceptionHandlingWebHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.server.handler.ExceptionHandlingWebHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.server.handler.ExceptionHandlingWebHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.web.server.handler.ExceptionHandlingWebHandlerTests$BadRequestExceptionHandler
 org.springframework.web.server.handler.ExceptionHandlingWebHandlerTests$StubWebHandler
 org.springframework.web.server.handler.ExceptionHandlingWebHandlerTests$UnresolvedExceptionHandler
org/springframework/web/filter/RequestLoggingFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.filter.RequestLoggingFilterTests
 org.springframework.web.filter.RequestLoggingFilterTests$1
 org.springframework.web.filter.RequestLoggingFilterTests$MyRequestLoggingFilter
org/springframework/remoting/httpinvoker/HttpComponentsHttpInvokerRequestExecutorTests.java
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpComponentsHttpInvokerRequestExecutorTests
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpComponentsHttpInvokerRequestExecutorTests$1
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpComponentsHttpInvokerRequestExecutorTests$2
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/ChannelSendOperatorTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ChannelSendOperatorTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ChannelSendOperatorTests$1
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ChannelSendOperatorTests$2
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ChannelSendOperatorTests$OneByOneAsyncWriter
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ChannelSendOperatorTests$OneByOneAsyncWriter$WriteSubscriber
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.ChannelSendOperatorTests$ZeroDemandSubscriber
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/HttpHeadResponseDecoratorTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.HttpHeadResponseDecoratorTests
org/springframework/web/server/session/InMemoryWebSessionStoreTests.java
 org.springframework.web.server.session.InMemoryWebSessionStoreTests
org/springframework/http/codec/xml/jaxb/XmlRootElementWithNameAndNamespace.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.xml.jaxb.XmlRootElementWithNameAndNamespace
org/springframework/web/cors/CorsUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.web.cors.CorsUtilsTests
org/springframework/http/codec/json/Jackson2JsonDecoderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.Jackson2JsonDecoderTests
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.Jackson2JsonDecoderTests$1
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.Jackson2JsonDecoderTests$2
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.Jackson2JsonDecoderTests$3
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.Jackson2JsonDecoderTests$4
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.Jackson2JsonDecoderTests$BeanWithNoDefaultConstructor
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.Jackson2JsonDecoderTests$Deserializer
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.Jackson2JsonDecoderTests$TestObject
org/springframework/protobuf/SecondMsg.java
 org.springframework.protobuf.SecondMsg
 org.springframework.protobuf.SecondMsg$1
 org.springframework.protobuf.SecondMsg$Builder
org/springframework/http/converter/json/JsonbHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.JsonbHttpMessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.JsonbHttpMessageConverterTests$1
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.JsonbHttpMessageConverterTests$2
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.JsonbHttpMessageConverterTests$3
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.JsonbHttpMessageConverterTests$ListHolder
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.JsonbHttpMessageConverterTests$MyBase
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.JsonbHttpMessageConverterTests$MyBean
 org.springframework.http.converter.json.JsonbHttpMessageConverterTests$MyBeanListHolder
org/springframework/web/cors/reactive/DefaultCorsProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.cors.reactive.DefaultCorsProcessorTests
org/springframework/http/codec/multipart/MultipartHttpMessageWriterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.multipart.MultipartHttpMessageWriterTests
 org.springframework.http.codec.multipart.MultipartHttpMessageWriterTests$1
 org.springframework.http.codec.multipart.MultipartHttpMessageWriterTests$Foo
org/springframework/http/converter/xml/Jaxb2CollectionHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2CollectionHttpMessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2CollectionHttpMessageConverterTests$1
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2CollectionHttpMessageConverterTests$2
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2CollectionHttpMessageConverterTests$3
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2CollectionHttpMessageConverterTests$4
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2CollectionHttpMessageConverterTests$5
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2CollectionHttpMessageConverterTests$6
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2CollectionHttpMessageConverterTests$RootElement
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.Jaxb2CollectionHttpMessageConverterTests$TestType
org/springframework/web/multipart/support/RequestPartServletServerHttpRequestTests.java
 org.springframework.web.multipart.support.RequestPartServletServerHttpRequestTests
 org.springframework.web.multipart.support.RequestPartServletServerHttpRequestTests$1
 org.springframework.web.multipart.support.RequestPartServletServerHttpRequestTests$2
org/springframework/web/jsf/MockLifecycle.java
 org.springframework.web.jsf.MockLifecycle
org/springframework/web/context/request/async/WebAsyncManagerTimeoutTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerTimeoutTests
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerTimeoutTests$1
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerTimeoutTests$2
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerTimeoutTests$3
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerTimeoutTests$StubCallable
org/springframework/web/method/support/StubArgumentResolver.java
 org.springframework.web.method.support.StubArgumentResolver
org/springframework/web/server/adapter/ForwardedHeaderTransformerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.server.adapter.ForwardedHeaderTransformerTests
org/springframework/http/HttpStatusTests.java
 org.springframework.http.HttpStatusTests
org/springframework/web/filter/reactive/HiddenHttpMethodFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.filter.reactive.HiddenHttpMethodFilterTests
 org.springframework.web.filter.reactive.HiddenHttpMethodFilterTests$1
 org.springframework.web.filter.reactive.HiddenHttpMethodFilterTests$TestWebFilterChain
org/springframework/http/client/InterceptingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.InterceptingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests
 org.springframework.http.client.InterceptingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests$1
 org.springframework.http.client.InterceptingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests$2
 org.springframework.http.client.InterceptingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests$3
 org.springframework.http.client.InterceptingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests$4
 org.springframework.http.client.InterceptingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests$4$1
 org.springframework.http.client.InterceptingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests$5
 org.springframework.http.client.InterceptingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests$6
 org.springframework.http.client.InterceptingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests$6$1
 org.springframework.http.client.InterceptingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests$7
 org.springframework.http.client.InterceptingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests$8
 org.springframework.http.client.InterceptingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests$NoOpInterceptor
 org.springframework.http.client.InterceptingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests$RequestFactoryMock
 org.springframework.http.client.InterceptingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests$RequestMock
 org.springframework.http.client.InterceptingClientHttpRequestFactoryTests$ResponseMock
org/springframework/http/converter/ByteArrayHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.ByteArrayHttpMessageConverterTests
org/springframework/web/accept/HeaderContentNegotiationStrategyTests.java
 org.springframework.web.accept.HeaderContentNegotiationStrategyTests
org/springframework/remoting/httpinvoker/HttpInvokerFactoryBeanIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerFactoryBeanIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerFactoryBeanIntegrationTests$ConfigWithPlainFactoryBean
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerFactoryBeanIntegrationTests$InvokerAutowiringConfig
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerFactoryBeanIntegrationTests$MyBean
 org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker.HttpInvokerFactoryBeanIntegrationTests$MyService
org/springframework/web/server/session/DefaultWebSessionManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.server.session.DefaultWebSessionManagerTests
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/EchoHandlerIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.EchoHandlerIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.EchoHandlerIntegrationTests$EchoHandler
org/springframework/web/filter/CharacterEncodingFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.filter.CharacterEncodingFilterTests
org/springframework/web/util/ContentCachingRequestWrapperTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.ContentCachingRequestWrapperTests
 org.springframework.web.util.ContentCachingRequestWrapperTests$1
org/springframework/http/server/DefaultPathContainerTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.DefaultPathContainerTests
org/springframework/web/util/ServletContextPropertyUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.ServletContextPropertyUtilsTests
org/springframework/web/util/TagUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.TagUtilsTests
 org.springframework.web.util.TagUtilsTests$1
 org.springframework.web.util.TagUtilsTests$TagA
 org.springframework.web.util.TagUtilsTests$TagB
 org.springframework.web.util.TagUtilsTests$TagC
org/springframework/web/client/DefaultResponseErrorHandlerHttpStatusTests.java
 org.springframework.web.client.DefaultResponseErrorHandlerHttpStatusTests
org/springframework/web/util/pattern/PathPatternTests.java
 org.springframework.web.util.pattern.PathPatternTests
 org.springframework.web.util.pattern.PathPatternTests$TestPathCombiner
org/springframework/http/server/DefaultRequestPathTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.DefaultRequestPathTests
org/springframework/web/context/request/RequestScopedProxyTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.request.RequestScopedProxyTests
 org.springframework.web.context.request.RequestScopedProxyTests$ProviderBean
org/springframework/web/filter/ForwardedHeaderFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.filter.ForwardedHeaderFilterTests
 org.springframework.web.filter.ForwardedHeaderFilterTests$1
 org.springframework.web.filter.ForwardedHeaderFilterTests$ForwardedFor
 org.springframework.web.filter.ForwardedHeaderFilterTests$ForwardedPrefix
 org.springframework.web.filter.ForwardedHeaderFilterTests$ForwardedPrefix$1
 org.springframework.web.filter.ForwardedHeaderFilterTests$SendRedirect
 org.springframework.web.filter.ForwardedHeaderFilterTests$SendRedirect$1
org/springframework/http/converter/ObjectToStringHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.ObjectToStringHttpMessageConverterTests
org/springframework/web/context/request/RequestScopeTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.request.RequestScopeTests
 org.springframework.web.context.request.RequestScopeTests$ProviderBean
org/springframework/http/server/reactive/AsyncIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.AsyncIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.AsyncIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.http.server.reactive.AsyncIntegrationTests$AsyncHandler
org/springframework/http/converter/HttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.HttpMessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.http.converter.HttpMessageConverterTests$1
 org.springframework.http.converter.HttpMessageConverterTests$MyHttpMessageConverter
 org.springframework.http.converter.HttpMessageConverterTests$MyType
org/springframework/http/codec/xml/XmlEventDecoderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.xml.XmlEventDecoderTests
org/springframework/web/context/request/async/WebAsyncManagerErrorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerErrorTests
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerErrorTests$1
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerErrorTests$2
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerErrorTests$3
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerErrorTests$4
 org.springframework.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerErrorTests$StubCallable
org/springframework/http/converter/BufferedImageHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.BufferedImageHttpMessageConverterTests
org/springframework/http/client/support/InterceptingHttpAccessorTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.support.InterceptingHttpAccessorTests
 org.springframework.http.client.support.InterceptingHttpAccessorTests$1
 org.springframework.http.client.support.InterceptingHttpAccessorTests$FirstClientHttpRequestInterceptor
 org.springframework.http.client.support.InterceptingHttpAccessorTests$SecondClientHttpRequestInterceptor
 org.springframework.http.client.support.InterceptingHttpAccessorTests$TestInterceptingHttpAccessor
 org.springframework.http.client.support.InterceptingHttpAccessorTests$ThirdClientHttpRequestInterceptor
org/springframework/web/method/annotation/ExceptionHandlerMethodResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ExceptionHandlerMethodResolverTests
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ExceptionHandlerMethodResolverTests$AmbiguousController
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ExceptionHandlerMethodResolverTests$ExceptionController
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ExceptionHandlerMethodResolverTests$InheritedController
 org.springframework.web.method.annotation.ExceptionHandlerMethodResolverTests$NoExceptionController
org/springframework/web/cors/reactive/CorsWebFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.cors.reactive.CorsWebFilterTests
org/springframework/http/codec/json/Jackson2JsonEncoderTests.java
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.Jackson2JsonEncoderTests
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.Jackson2JsonEncoderTests$1
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.Jackson2JsonEncoderTests$Bar
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.Jackson2JsonEncoderTests$Foo
 org.springframework.http.codec.json.Jackson2JsonEncoderTests$ParentClass
org/springframework/web/filter/ShallowEtagHeaderFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.filter.ShallowEtagHeaderFilterTests
org/springframework/http/converter/feed/RssChannelHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.feed.RssChannelHttpMessageConverterTests
org/springframework/remoting/caucho/CauchoRemotingTests.java
 org.springframework.remoting.caucho.CauchoRemotingTests
 org.springframework.remoting.caucho.CauchoRemotingTests$1
 org.springframework.remoting.caucho.CauchoRemotingTests$TestHessianProxyFactory
org/springframework/web/accept/PathExtensionContentNegotiationStrategyTests.java
 org.springframework.web.accept.PathExtensionContentNegotiationStrategyTests
org/springframework/web/method/HandlerTypePredicateTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.HandlerTypePredicateTests
 org.springframework.web.method.HandlerTypePredicateTests$AnotherApiController
 org.springframework.web.method.HandlerTypePredicateTests$ApiController
 org.springframework.web.method.HandlerTypePredicateTests$HtmlController
 org.springframework.web.method.HandlerTypePredicateTests$Special
org/springframework/http/client/reactive/ReactorResourceFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.http.client.reactive.ReactorResourceFactoryTests
org/springframework/web/method/support/HandlerMethodReturnValueHandlerCompositeTests.java
 org.springframework.web.method.support.HandlerMethodReturnValueHandlerCompositeTests
 org.springframework.web.method.support.HandlerMethodReturnValueHandlerCompositeTests$1
 org.springframework.web.method.support.HandlerMethodReturnValueHandlerCompositeTests$Promise
org/springframework/http/converter/xml/MarshallingHttpMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.http.converter.xml.MarshallingHttpMessageConverterTests
