org/springframework/messaging/handler/annotation/support/AnnotationExceptionHandlerMethodResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.AnnotationExceptionHandlerMethodResolverTests
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.AnnotationExceptionHandlerMethodResolverTests$AmbiguousController
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.AnnotationExceptionHandlerMethodResolverTests$ExceptionController
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.AnnotationExceptionHandlerMethodResolverTests$InheritedController
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.AnnotationExceptionHandlerMethodResolverTests$NoExceptionController
org/springframework/messaging/simp/annotation/support/PrincipalMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.PrincipalMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/messaging/handler/annotation/reactive/MessageMappingMessageHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.reactive.MessageMappingMessageHandlerTests
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.reactive.MessageMappingMessageHandlerTests$TestController
org/springframework/messaging/protobuf/SecondMsg.java
 org.springframework.messaging.protobuf.SecondMsg
 org.springframework.messaging.protobuf.SecondMsg$1
 org.springframework.messaging.protobuf.SecondMsg$Builder
org/springframework/messaging/handler/annotation/support/MessageMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.MessageMethodArgumentResolverTests
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.MessageMethodArgumentResolverTests$Foo
org/springframework/messaging/handler/invocation/reactive/InvocableHandlerMethodTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.reactive.InvocableHandlerMethodTests
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.reactive.InvocableHandlerMethodTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.reactive.InvocableHandlerMethodTests$ExceptionRaisingArgumentResolver
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.reactive.InvocableHandlerMethodTests$Handler
org/springframework/messaging/rsocket/annotation/support/RSocketMessageHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.annotation.support.RSocketMessageHandlerTests
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.annotation.support.RSocketMessageHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.annotation.support.RSocketMessageHandlerTests$AnotherInvalidConnectMappingController
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.annotation.support.RSocketMessageHandlerTests$HandleAllController
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.annotation.support.RSocketMessageHandlerTests$InteractionMismatchController
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.annotation.support.RSocketMessageHandlerTests$InvalidConnectMappingController
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.annotation.support.RSocketMessageHandlerTests$SimpleController
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.annotation.support.RSocketMessageHandlerTests$TypeLevelMappingController
org/springframework/messaging/simp/annotation/support/SendToMethodReturnValueHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SendToMethodReturnValueHandlerTests
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SendToMethodReturnValueHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SendToMethodReturnValueHandlerTests$JacksonViewBean
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SendToMethodReturnValueHandlerTests$MyJacksonView1
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SendToMethodReturnValueHandlerTests$MyJacksonView2
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SendToMethodReturnValueHandlerTests$MySendTo
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SendToMethodReturnValueHandlerTests$MySendToUser
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SendToMethodReturnValueHandlerTests$SendToTestBean
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SendToMethodReturnValueHandlerTests$SendToUserTestBean
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SendToMethodReturnValueHandlerTests$SendToUserWithSendToOverrideTestBean
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SendToMethodReturnValueHandlerTests$TestUser
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SendToMethodReturnValueHandlerTests$UniqueUser
org/springframework/messaging/rsocket/PayloadUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.PayloadUtilsTests
org/springframework/messaging/protobuf/SecondMsgOrBuilder.java
 org.springframework.messaging.protobuf.SecondMsgOrBuilder
org/springframework/messaging/rsocket/DefaultMetadataExtractorTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.DefaultMetadataExtractorTests
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.DefaultMetadataExtractorTests$TestDecoder
org/springframework/messaging/rsocket/MetadataEncoderTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.MetadataEncoderTests
org/springframework/messaging/simp/user/MultiServerUserRegistryTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.user.MultiServerUserRegistryTests
org/springframework/messaging/simp/user/TestSimpSession.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.user.TestSimpSession
org/springframework/messaging/support/MessageBuilderTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.support.MessageBuilderTests
 org.springframework.messaging.support.MessageBuilderTests$1
org/springframework/messaging/rsocket/DefaultRSocketRequesterTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.DefaultRSocketRequesterTests
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.DefaultRSocketRequesterTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.DefaultRSocketRequesterTests$TestRSocket
org/springframework/messaging/simp/SimpMessageHeaderAccessorTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.SimpMessageHeaderAccessorTests
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.SimpMessageHeaderAccessorTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.SimpMessageHeaderAccessorTests$UserCallback
org/springframework/messaging/simp/stomp/StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerTests
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerTests$2
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerTests$StubTcpConnection
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerTests$StubTcpOperations
org/springframework/messaging/simp/user/UserRegistryMessageHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.user.UserRegistryMessageHandlerTests
org/springframework/messaging/handler/invocation/InvocableHandlerMethodTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.InvocableHandlerMethodTests
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.InvocableHandlerMethodTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.InvocableHandlerMethodTests$ExceptionRaisingArgumentResolver
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.InvocableHandlerMethodTests$Handler
org/springframework/messaging/protobuf/OuterSample.java
 org.springframework.messaging.protobuf.OuterSample
 org.springframework.messaging.protobuf.OuterSample$1
org/springframework/messaging/rsocket/DefaultRSocketStrategiesTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.DefaultRSocketStrategiesTests
org/springframework/messaging/converter/GenericMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.converter.GenericMessageConverterTests
org/springframework/messaging/handler/invocation/StubArgumentResolver.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.StubArgumentResolver
org/springframework/messaging/core/MessageRequestReplyTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.core.MessageRequestReplyTemplateTests
 org.springframework.messaging.core.MessageRequestReplyTemplateTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.core.MessageRequestReplyTemplateTests$TestMessagingTemplate
org/springframework/messaging/handler/invocation/MethodMessageHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.MethodMessageHandlerTests
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.MethodMessageHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.MethodMessageHandlerTests$DuplicateMappingsController
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.MethodMessageHandlerTests$TestController
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.MethodMessageHandlerTests$TestMethodMessageHandler
org/springframework/messaging/core/GenericMessagingTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.core.GenericMessagingTemplateTests
 org.springframework.messaging.core.GenericMessagingTemplateTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.core.GenericMessagingTemplateTests$TestDestinationResolver
org/springframework/messaging/simp/stomp/StompDecoderTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompDecoderTests
org/springframework/messaging/simp/user/TestSimpSubscription.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.user.TestSimpSubscription
org/springframework/messaging/core/DestinationResolvingMessagingTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.core.DestinationResolvingMessagingTemplateTests
 org.springframework.messaging.core.DestinationResolvingMessagingTemplateTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.core.DestinationResolvingMessagingTemplateTests$TestDestinationResolvingMessagingTemplate
 org.springframework.messaging.core.TestMessageChannelDestinationResolver
org/springframework/messaging/simp/SimpMessageTypeMessageConditionTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.SimpMessageTypeMessageConditionTests
org/springframework/messaging/simp/stomp/StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerIntegrationTests$MessageExchange
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerIntegrationTests$MessageExchangeBuilder
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerIntegrationTests$MessageMatcher
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerIntegrationTests$StompConnectedFrameMessageMatcher
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerIntegrationTests$StompFrameMessageMatcher
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerIntegrationTests$StompMessageFrameMessageMatcher
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerIntegrationTests$StompReceiptFrameMessageMatcher
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerIntegrationTests$TestEventPublisher
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompBrokerRelayMessageHandlerIntegrationTests$TestMessageHandler
org/springframework/messaging/simp/stomp/DefaultStompSessionTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.DefaultStompSessionTests
org/springframework/messaging/handler/annotation/support/DestinationVariableMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.DestinationVariableMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/messaging/simp/stomp/BufferingStompDecoderTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.BufferingStompDecoderTests
org/springframework/messaging/simp/stomp/StompHeaderAccessorTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompHeaderAccessorTests
org/springframework/messaging/converter/ProtobufMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.converter.ProtobufMessageConverterTests
org/springframework/messaging/simp/config/MessageBrokerConfigurationTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$2
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$3
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$4
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$5
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$BaseDotSeparatorConfig
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$BaseTestMessageBrokerConfig
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$BrokerRelayConfig
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$CustomConfig
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$CustomConfig$1
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$CustomThreadPoolTaskExecutor
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$DefaultConfig
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$DotSeparatorWithDotBrokerConventionConfig
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$DotSeparatorWithSlashBrokerConventionConfig
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$SimpleBrokerConfig
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$TestChannel
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$TestController
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$TestUserRegistry
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.MessageBrokerConfigurationTests$TestValidator
org/springframework/messaging/handler/annotation/support/HeaderMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.HeaderMethodArgumentResolverTests
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.HeaderMethodArgumentResolverTests$TestMessageHeaderAccessor
org/springframework/messaging/support/ExecutorSubscribableChannelTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.support.ExecutorSubscribableChannelTests
 org.springframework.messaging.support.ExecutorSubscribableChannelTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.support.ExecutorSubscribableChannelTests$AbstractTestInterceptor
 org.springframework.messaging.support.ExecutorSubscribableChannelTests$BeforeHandleInterceptor
 org.springframework.messaging.support.ExecutorSubscribableChannelTests$NullReturningBeforeHandleInterceptor
org/springframework/messaging/rsocket/DefaultRSocketRequesterBuilderTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.DefaultRSocketRequesterBuilderTests
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.DefaultRSocketRequesterBuilderTests$MockConnection
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.DefaultRSocketRequesterBuilderTests$TestJsonDecoder
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.DefaultRSocketRequesterBuilderTests$TestRSocketConnectorConfigurer
org/springframework/messaging/support/ChannelInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.support.ChannelInterceptorTests
 org.springframework.messaging.support.ChannelInterceptorTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.support.ChannelInterceptorTests$2
 org.springframework.messaging.support.ChannelInterceptorTests$3
 org.springframework.messaging.support.ChannelInterceptorTests$4
 org.springframework.messaging.support.ChannelInterceptorTests$AbstractTestInterceptor
 org.springframework.messaging.support.ChannelInterceptorTests$NullReturningPreSendInterceptor
 org.springframework.messaging.support.ChannelInterceptorTests$PreSendInterceptor
 org.springframework.messaging.support.ChannelInterceptorTests$TestMessageHandler
org/springframework/messaging/handler/annotation/reactive/DestinationVariableMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.reactive.DestinationVariableMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/messaging/simp/SimpAttributesTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.SimpAttributesTests
org/springframework/messaging/handler/DestinationPatternsMessageConditionTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.DestinationPatternsMessageConditionTests
org/springframework/messaging/handler/invocation/TestExceptionResolver.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.TestExceptionResolver
org/springframework/messaging/rsocket/RSocketClientToServerIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketClientToServerIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketClientToServerIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketClientToServerIntegrationTests$CountingInterceptor
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketClientToServerIntegrationTests$ServerConfig
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketClientToServerIntegrationTests$ServerController
org/springframework/messaging/handler/invocation/reactive/EncoderMethodReturnValueHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.reactive.EncoderMethodReturnValueHandlerTests
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.reactive.EncoderMethodReturnValueHandlerTests$TestController
org/springframework/messaging/protobuf/Msg.java
 org.springframework.messaging.protobuf.Msg
 org.springframework.messaging.protobuf.Msg$1
 org.springframework.messaging.protobuf.Msg$Builder
org/springframework/messaging/protobuf/MsgOrBuilder.java
 org.springframework.messaging.protobuf.MsgOrBuilder
org/springframework/messaging/simp/annotation/support/SubscriptionMethodReturnValueHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SubscriptionMethodReturnValueHandlerTests
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SubscriptionMethodReturnValueHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SubscriptionMethodReturnValueHandlerTests$JacksonViewBean
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SubscriptionMethodReturnValueHandlerTests$MyJacksonView1
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SubscriptionMethodReturnValueHandlerTests$MyJacksonView2
org/springframework/messaging/rsocket/RSocketBufferLeakTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketBufferLeakTests
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketBufferLeakTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketBufferLeakTests$PayloadInterceptor
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketBufferLeakTests$PayloadInterceptor$PayloadSavingDecorator
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketBufferLeakTests$PayloadLeakInfo
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketBufferLeakTests$ServerConfig
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketBufferLeakTests$ServerController
org/springframework/messaging/handler/invocation/ResolvableMethod.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.ResolvableMethod
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.ResolvableMethod$1
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.ResolvableMethod$ArgResolver
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.ResolvableMethod$Builder
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.ResolvableMethod$LabeledPredicate
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.ResolvableMethod$MethodInvocationInterceptor
org/springframework/messaging/handler/annotation/support/HeadersMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.HeadersMethodArgumentResolverTests
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.HeadersMethodArgumentResolverTests$TestMessageHeaderAccessor
org/springframework/messaging/handler/invocation/reactive/MethodMessageHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.reactive.MethodMessageHandlerTests
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.reactive.MethodMessageHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.reactive.MethodMessageHandlerTests$DuplicateMappingsController
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.reactive.MethodMessageHandlerTests$TestController
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.reactive.MethodMessageHandlerTests$TestMethodMessageHandler
org/springframework/messaging/simp/stomp/StompClientSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompClientSupportTests
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompClientSupportTests$1
org/springframework/messaging/simp/stomp/StompCommandTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompCommandTests
org/springframework/messaging/rsocket/LeakAwareNettyDataBufferFactory.java
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.LeakAwareNettyDataBufferFactory
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.LeakAwareNettyDataBufferFactory$DataBufferLeakInfo
org/springframework/messaging/handler/invocation/reactive/TestEncoderMethodReturnValueHandler.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.reactive.TestEncoderMethodReturnValueHandler
org/springframework/messaging/simp/config/StompBrokerRelayRegistrationTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.config.StompBrokerRelayRegistrationTests
org/springframework/messaging/support/ErrorMessageTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.support.ErrorMessageTests
org/springframework/messaging/handler/invocation/reactive/TestReturnValueHandler.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.reactive.TestReturnValueHandler
org/springframework/messaging/simp/broker/SimpleBrokerMessageHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.broker.SimpleBrokerMessageHandlerTests
org/springframework/messaging/simp/broker/DefaultSubscriptionRegistryTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.broker.DefaultSubscriptionRegistryTests
org/springframework/messaging/handler/annotation/support/PayloadMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.PayloadMethodArgumentResolverTests
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.PayloadMethodArgumentResolverTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.PayloadMethodArgumentResolverTests$MyValid
org/springframework/messaging/rsocket/RSocketServerToClientIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketServerToClientIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketServerToClientIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketServerToClientIntegrationTests$ClientHandler
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketServerToClientIntegrationTests$RSocketConfig
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.RSocketServerToClientIntegrationTests$ServerController
org/springframework/messaging/converter/MessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.converter.MessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.messaging.converter.MessageConverterTests$TestMessageConverter
org/springframework/messaging/simp/annotation/support/SimpAnnotationMethodMessageHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SimpAnnotationMethodMessageHandlerTests
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SimpAnnotationMethodMessageHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SimpAnnotationMethodMessageHandlerTests$CompletableFutureController
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SimpAnnotationMethodMessageHandlerTests$DotPathSeparatorController
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SimpAnnotationMethodMessageHandlerTests$ListenableFutureController
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SimpAnnotationMethodMessageHandlerTests$ReactiveController
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SimpAnnotationMethodMessageHandlerTests$StringTestValidator
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SimpAnnotationMethodMessageHandlerTests$TestController
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support.SimpAnnotationMethodMessageHandlerTests$TestSimpAnnotationMethodMessageHandler
org/springframework/messaging/simp/user/UserDestinationMessageHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.user.UserDestinationMessageHandlerTests
org/springframework/messaging/core/MessageSendingTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.core.MessageSendingTemplateTests
 org.springframework.messaging.core.MessageSendingTemplateTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.core.MessageSendingTemplateTests$TestMessageSendingTemplate
 org.springframework.messaging.core.TestMessagePostProcessor
org/springframework/messaging/simp/user/DefaultUserDestinationResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.user.DefaultUserDestinationResolverTests
org/springframework/messaging/rsocket/annotation/support/RSocketFrameTypeMessageConditionTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.rsocket.annotation.support.RSocketFrameTypeMessageConditionTests
org/springframework/messaging/core/CachingDestinationResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.core.CachingDestinationResolverTests
org/springframework/messaging/StubMessageChannel.java
 org.springframework.messaging.StubMessageChannel
org/springframework/messaging/core/MessageReceivingTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.core.MessageReceivingTemplateTests
 org.springframework.messaging.core.MessageReceivingTemplateTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.core.MessageReceivingTemplateTests$TestMessagingTemplate
org/springframework/messaging/simp/SimpMessagingTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.SimpMessagingTemplateTests
org/springframework/messaging/handler/annotation/reactive/PayloadMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.reactive.PayloadMethodArgumentResolverTests
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.reactive.PayloadMethodArgumentResolverTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.reactive.PayloadMethodArgumentResolverTests$TestValidator
org/springframework/messaging/simp/SimpSessionScopeTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.SimpSessionScopeTests
org/springframework/messaging/converter/DefaultContentTypeResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.converter.DefaultContentTypeResolverTests
org/springframework/messaging/handler/annotation/MessagingPredicates.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.MessagingPredicates
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.MessagingPredicates$DestinationVariablePredicate
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.MessagingPredicates$HeaderPredicate
org/springframework/messaging/converter/MarshallingMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.converter.MarshallingMessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.messaging.converter.MarshallingMessageConverterTests$MyBean
org/springframework/messaging/simp/user/TestSimpUser.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.user.TestSimpUser
org/springframework/messaging/simp/stomp/ReactorNettyTcpStompClientTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.ReactorNettyTcpStompClientTests
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.ReactorNettyTcpStompClientTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.ReactorNettyTcpStompClientTests$ConsumingHandler
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.ReactorNettyTcpStompClientTests$ConsumingHandler$1
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.ReactorNettyTcpStompClientTests$LoggingSessionHandler
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.ReactorNettyTcpStompClientTests$ProducingHandler
org/springframework/messaging/simp/stomp/StompEncoderTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp.StompEncoderTests
org/springframework/messaging/simp/broker/OrderedMessageSenderTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.broker.OrderedMessageSenderTests
org/springframework/messaging/handler/invocation/reactive/StubArgumentResolver.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation.reactive.StubArgumentResolver
org/springframework/messaging/simp/SimpAttributesContextHolderTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.SimpAttributesContextHolderTests
org/springframework/messaging/handler/annotation/support/DefaultMessageHandlerMethodFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.DefaultMessageHandlerMethodFactoryTests
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.DefaultMessageHandlerMethodFactoryTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.DefaultMessageHandlerMethodFactoryTests$2
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.DefaultMessageHandlerMethodFactoryTests$CustomHandlerMethodArgumentResolver
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support.DefaultMessageHandlerMethodFactoryTests$SampleBean
org/springframework/messaging/converter/MappingJackson2MessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.converter.MappingJackson2MessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.messaging.converter.MappingJackson2MessageConverterTests$JacksonViewBean
 org.springframework.messaging.converter.MappingJackson2MessageConverterTests$MyBean
 org.springframework.messaging.converter.MappingJackson2MessageConverterTests$MyJacksonView1
 org.springframework.messaging.converter.MappingJackson2MessageConverterTests$MyJacksonView2
org/springframework/messaging/converter/StringMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.converter.StringMessageConverterTests
org/springframework/messaging/handler/annotation/reactive/HeadersMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.reactive.HeadersMethodArgumentResolverTests
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.reactive.HeadersMethodArgumentResolverTests$TestMessageHeaderAccessor
org/springframework/messaging/simp/broker/BrokerMessageHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.broker.BrokerMessageHandlerTests
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.broker.BrokerMessageHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.simp.broker.BrokerMessageHandlerTests$TestBrokerMessageHandler
org/springframework/messaging/support/NativeMessageHeaderAccessorTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.support.NativeMessageHeaderAccessorTests
org/springframework/messaging/MessageHeadersTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.MessageHeadersTests
 org.springframework.messaging.MessageHeadersTests$1MyMH
org/springframework/messaging/support/MessageHeaderAccessorTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.support.MessageHeaderAccessorTests
 org.springframework.messaging.support.MessageHeaderAccessorTests$1
 org.springframework.messaging.support.MessageHeaderAccessorTests$2
 org.springframework.messaging.support.MessageHeaderAccessorTests$3
 org.springframework.messaging.support.MessageHeaderAccessorTests$4
 org.springframework.messaging.support.MessageHeaderAccessorTests$TestMessageHeaderAccessor
org/springframework/messaging/converter/SimpleMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.converter.SimpleMessageConverterTests
org/springframework/messaging/handler/annotation/reactive/HeaderMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.reactive.HeaderMethodArgumentResolverTests
 org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.reactive.HeaderMethodArgumentResolverTests$TestMessageHeaderAccessor
