org/springframework/orm/jpa/ContainerManagedEntityManagerIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.ContainerManagedEntityManagerIntegrationTests
org/springframework/orm/jpa/domain/DriversLicense.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.domain.DriversLicense
org/springframework/orm/jpa/ApplicationManagedEntityManagerIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.ApplicationManagedEntityManagerIntegrationTests
org/springframework/orm/jpa/hibernate/beans/BeanSource.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate.beans.BeanSource
org/springframework/orm/jpa/hibernate/HibernateNativeEntityManagerFactorySpringBeanContainerIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate.HibernateNativeEntityManagerFactorySpringBeanContainerIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate.HibernateNativeEntityManagerFactorySpringBeanContainerIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate.HibernateNativeEntityManagerFactorySpringBeanContainerIntegrationTests$IneffectiveBeanInstanceProducer
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate.HibernateNativeEntityManagerFactorySpringBeanContainerIntegrationTests$JpaLifecycleOptions
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate.HibernateNativeEntityManagerFactorySpringBeanContainerIntegrationTests$NativeLifecycleOptions
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate.HibernateNativeEntityManagerFactorySpringBeanContainerIntegrationTests$NoDefinitionInSpringContextTestBeanInstanceProducer
org/springframework/orm/jpa/AbstractEntityManagerFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.AbstractEntityManagerFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.AbstractEntityManagerFactoryBeanTests$DummyEntityManagerFactoryBean
org/springframework/orm/jpa/domain/Person.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.domain.Person
org/springframework/orm/jpa/hibernate/HibernateNativeEntityManagerFactoryIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate.HibernateNativeEntityManagerFactoryIntegrationTests
org/springframework/orm/jpa/LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBeanTests$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBeanTests$DummyContainerPersistenceProvider
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBeanTests$NoOpEntityTransaction
org/springframework/orm/jpa/support/PersistenceInjectionTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$DefaultPrivatePersistenceContextField
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$DefaultPrivatePersistenceContextFieldExtended
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$DefaultPrivatePersistenceContextFieldExtendedWithProps
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$DefaultPrivatePersistenceContextFieldNamedPerson
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$DefaultPrivatePersistenceContextFieldWithProperties
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$DefaultPrivatePersistenceUnitField
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$DefaultPublicPersistenceContextSetter
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$DefaultPublicPersistenceUnitSetter
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$DefaultPublicPersistenceUnitSetterNamedPerson
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$DefaultVendorSpecificPrivatePersistenceContextField
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$DummyInvocationHandler
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$EntityManagerFactoryWithInfo
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$FactoryBeanWithPersistenceContextField
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$FieldOfWrongTypeAnnotatedWithPersistenceUnit
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$MockPersistenceAnnotationBeanPostProcessor
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$PublicPersistenceContextSetterOnNonPublicClass
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$SetterOfWrongTypeAnnotatedWithPersistenceUnit
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$SetterWithNoArgs
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionTests$SpecificPublicPersistenceContextSetter
org/springframework/orm/jpa/hibernate/beans/NoDefinitionInSpringContextTestBean.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate.beans.NoDefinitionInSpringContextTestBean
org/springframework/orm/jpa/DefaultJpaDialectTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.DefaultJpaDialectTests
org/springframework/orm/jpa/persistenceunit/PersistenceXmlParsingTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit.PersistenceXmlParsingTests
org/springframework/orm/jpa/eclipselink/EclipseLinkEntityManagerFactoryIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.eclipselink.EclipseLinkEntityManagerFactoryIntegrationTests
org/springframework/orm/jpa/hibernate/beans/MultiplePrototypesInSpringContextTestBean.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate.beans.MultiplePrototypesInSpringContextTestBean
org/springframework/orm/jpa/support/OpenEntityManagerInViewTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.OpenEntityManagerInViewTests
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.OpenEntityManagerInViewTests$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.OpenEntityManagerInViewTests$TestTaskExecutor
org/springframework/orm/jpa/EntityManagerFactoryBeanSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.EntityManagerFactoryBeanSupportTests
org/springframework/orm/jpa/EntityManagerFactoryUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.EntityManagerFactoryUtilsTests
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.EntityManagerFactoryUtilsTests$1
org/springframework/orm/jpa/AbstractContainerEntityManagerFactoryIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.AbstractContainerEntityManagerFactoryIntegrationTests
org/springframework/orm/jpa/domain/PersonListener.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.domain.PersonListener
org/springframework/orm/jpa/persistenceunit/DefaultPersistenceUnitManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit.DefaultPersistenceUnitManagerTests
org/springframework/orm/jpa/support/PersistenceContextTransactionTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceContextTransactionTests
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceContextTransactionTests$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceContextTransactionTests$EntityManagerHoldingBean
org/springframework/orm/jpa/support/SharedEntityManagerFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.SharedEntityManagerFactoryTests
org/springframework/orm/jpa/hibernate/beans/SinglePrototypeInSpringContextTestBean.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate.beans.SinglePrototypeInSpringContextTestBean
org/springframework/orm/jpa/hibernate/HibernateEntityManagerFactoryIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate.HibernateEntityManagerFactoryIntegrationTests
org/springframework/orm/jpa/hibernate/beans/TestBean.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate.beans.TestBean
org/springframework/orm/jpa/hibernate/HibernateMultiEntityManagerFactoryIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate.HibernateMultiEntityManagerFactoryIntegrationTests
org/springframework/orm/jpa/LocalEntityManagerFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.LocalEntityManagerFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.LocalEntityManagerFactoryBeanTests$DummyPersistenceProvider
org/springframework/orm/jpa/support/PersistenceInjectionIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.support.PersistenceInjectionIntegrationTests
org/springframework/orm/jpa/AbstractEntityManagerFactoryIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.AbstractEntityManagerFactoryIntegrationTests
org/springframework/orm/jpa/JpaTransactionManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$10
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$10$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$11
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$11$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$12
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$12$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$13
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$13$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$13$1$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$14
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$15
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$16
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$17
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$18
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$19
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$2
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$20
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$21
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$3
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$4
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$5
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$6
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$6$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$7
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$7$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$8
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$8$1
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$9
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagerTests$9$1
org/springframework/orm/jpa/SharedEntityManagerCreatorTests.java
 org.springframework.orm.jpa.SharedEntityManagerCreatorTests
