org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/init/H2DatabasePopulatorTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init.H2DatabasePopulatorTests
org/springframework/jdbc/core/namedparam/NamedParameterJdbcTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam.NamedParameterJdbcTemplateTests
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/embedded/EmbeddedDatabaseFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.embedded.EmbeddedDatabaseFactoryTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.embedded.EmbeddedDatabaseFactoryTests$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.embedded.EmbeddedDatabaseFactoryTests$StubDatabasePopulator
org/springframework/jdbc/object/GenericSqlQueryTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.GenericSqlQueryTests
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/init/ScriptUtilsUnitTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init.ScriptUtilsUnitTests
org/springframework/jdbc/core/SingleColumnRowMapperTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.SingleColumnRowMapperTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.SingleColumnRowMapperTests$MyLocalDateTime
org/springframework/jdbc/support/CustomErrorCodeException.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.CustomErrorCodeException
org/springframework/jdbc/object/BatchSqlUpdateTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.BatchSqlUpdateTests
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/init/AbstractDatabasePopulatorTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init.AbstractDatabasePopulatorTests
org/springframework/jdbc/object/CustomerMapper.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.CustomerMapper
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/DataSourceTransactionManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$10
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$11
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$11$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$12
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$12$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$13
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$13$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$14
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$14$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$15
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$15$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$16
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$16$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$17
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$17$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$18
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$18$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$19
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$2
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$20
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$21
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$22
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$23
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$23$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$24
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$24$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$25
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$26
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$27
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$28
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$29
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$3
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$30
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$31
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$32
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$32$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$33
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$33$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$34
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$34$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$34$1$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$35
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$35$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$35$1$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$36
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$37
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$38
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$39
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$4
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$4$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$5
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$5$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$6
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$6$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$7
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$7$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$7$2
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$8
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$9
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManagerTests$TestTransactionSynchronization
org/springframework/jdbc/support/DatabaseStartupValidatorTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.DatabaseStartupValidatorTests
org/springframework/jdbc/core/simple/TableMetaDataContextTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.simple.TableMetaDataContextTests
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/init/AbstractDatabaseInitializationTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init.AbstractDatabaseInitializationTests
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/init/CompositeDatabasePopulatorTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init.CompositeDatabasePopulatorTests
org/springframework/jdbc/object/SqlQueryTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$10CustomerQuery
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$11CustomerQuery
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$12CustomerQuery
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$1CustomerQuery
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$1CustomerUpdateQuery
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$2
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$2CustomerQuery
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$3
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$3CustomerQuery
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$4CustomerQuery
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$5CustomerQuery
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$6CustomerQuery
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$7CustomerQuery
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$8CustomerQuery
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$9CustomerQuery
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlQueryTests$StringQuery
org/springframework/jdbc/core/namedparam/NamedParameterQueryTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam.NamedParameterQueryTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam.NamedParameterQueryTests$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam.NamedParameterQueryTests$ParameterBean
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam.NamedParameterQueryTests$ParameterCollectionBean
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/lookup/BeanFactoryDataSourceLookupTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.lookup.BeanFactoryDataSourceLookupTests
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/init/HsqlDatabasePopulatorTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init.HsqlDatabasePopulatorTests
org/springframework/jdbc/support/DataFieldMaxValueIncrementerTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.DataFieldMaxValueIncrementerTests
org/springframework/jdbc/support/SQLExceptionSubclassFactory.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.SQLExceptionSubclassFactory
org/springframework/jdbc/core/SimpleRowCountCallbackHandler.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.SimpleRowCountCallbackHandler
org/springframework/jdbc/support/JdbcTransactionManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$10
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$11
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$11$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$12
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$12$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$13
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$13$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$14
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$14$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$15
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$15$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$16
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$16$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$17
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$17$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$18
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$18$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$19
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$2
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$20
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$21
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$22
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$23
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$23$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$24
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$24$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$25
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$26
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$27
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$28
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$29
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$3
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$30
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$31
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$32
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$33
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$34
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$35
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$36
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$36$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$37
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$37$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$38
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$38$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$38$1$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$39
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$39$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$39$1$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$4
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$4$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$40
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$41
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$42
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$43
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$5
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$5$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$6
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$6$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$7
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$7$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$7$2
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$8
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$9
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcTransactionManagerTests$TestTransactionSynchronization
org/springframework/jdbc/object/RdbmsOperationTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.RdbmsOperationTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.RdbmsOperationTests$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.RdbmsOperationTests$2
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.RdbmsOperationTests$TestRdbmsOperation
org/springframework/jdbc/support/SQLErrorCodesFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.SQLErrorCodesFactoryTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.SQLErrorCodesFactoryTests$1TestSQLErrorCodesFactory
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.SQLErrorCodesFactoryTests$1WildcardSQLErrorCodesFactory
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.SQLErrorCodesFactoryTests$2TestSQLErrorCodesFactory
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.SQLErrorCodesFactoryTests$3TestSQLErrorCodesFactory
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.SQLErrorCodesFactoryTests$4TestSQLErrorCodesFactory
org/springframework/jdbc/core/RowMapperTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.RowMapperTests
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/DriverManagerDataSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DriverManagerDataSourceTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DriverManagerDataSourceTests$1TestDriverManagerDataSource
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DriverManagerDataSourceTests$2TestDriverManagerDataSource
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DriverManagerDataSourceTests$3TestDriverManagerDataSource
org/springframework/jdbc/core/test/ConcretePerson.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.test.ConcretePerson
org/springframework/jdbc/core/namedparam/MapSqlParameterSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam.MapSqlParameterSourceTests
org/springframework/jdbc/core/test/DatePerson.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.test.DatePerson
org/springframework/jdbc/core/BeanPropertyRowMapperTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.BeanPropertyRowMapperTests
org/springframework/jdbc/core/test/Person.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.test.Person
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/DelegatingDataSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DelegatingDataSourceTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DelegatingDataSourceTests$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DelegatingDataSourceTests$DelegatingDataSourceWithWrapper
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DelegatingDataSourceTests$ExampleWrapper
org/springframework/jdbc/object/StoredProcedureTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$1TestJdbcTemplate
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$AddInvoice
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$AddInvoiceUsingObjectArray
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$CustomDataException
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$MissingParameterStoredProcedure
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$NoSuchStoredProcedure
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$NullArg
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$NumericWithScaleStoredProcedure
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$ParameterMapperStoredProcedure
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$ParameterMapperStoredProcedure$TestParameterMapper
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$SqlTypeValueStoredProcedure
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$SqlTypeValueStoredProcedure$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$StoredProcedureConfiguredViaJdbcTemplate
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$StoredProcedureExceptionTranslator
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$StoredProcedureExceptionTranslator$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$StoredProcedureWithResultSet
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$StoredProcedureWithResultSetMapped
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$StoredProcedureWithResultSetMapped$RowMapperImpl
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.StoredProcedureTests$UnnamedParameterStoredProcedure
org/springframework/jdbc/core/simple/SimpleJdbcCallTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.simple.SimpleJdbcCallTests
org/springframework/jdbc/config/InitializeDatabaseIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.config.InitializeDatabaseIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.config.InitializeDatabaseIntegrationTests$CacheData
org/springframework/jdbc/support/SQLExceptionSubclassTranslatorTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.SQLExceptionSubclassTranslatorTests
org/springframework/jdbc/support/SQLStateSQLExceptionTranslatorTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.SQLStateSQLExceptionTranslatorTests
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/init/ScriptUtilsIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init.ScriptUtilsIntegrationTests
org/springframework/jdbc/core/test/AbstractPerson.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.test.AbstractPerson
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/embedded/EmbeddedDatabaseBuilderTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.embedded.EmbeddedDatabaseBuilderTests
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/lookup/StubDataSource.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.lookup.StubDataSource
org/springframework/jdbc/core/support/SqlLobValueTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.support.SqlLobValueTests
org/springframework/jdbc/Customer.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.Customer
org/springframework/jdbc/support/CustomSqlExceptionTranslator.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.CustomSqlExceptionTranslator
org/springframework/jdbc/support/JdbcUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.JdbcUtilsTests
org/springframework/jdbc/support/SQLErrorCodeSQLExceptionTranslatorTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.SQLErrorCodeSQLExceptionTranslatorTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.SQLErrorCodeSQLExceptionTranslatorTests$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.SQLErrorCodeSQLExceptionTranslatorTests$2
org/springframework/jdbc/support/SQLStateExceptionTranslatorTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.SQLStateExceptionTranslatorTests
org/springframework/jdbc/object/GenericStoredProcedureTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.GenericStoredProcedureTests
org/springframework/jdbc/support/DefaultLobHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.DefaultLobHandlerTests
org/springframework/jdbc/core/AbstractRowMapperTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.AbstractRowMapperTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.AbstractRowMapperTests$Mock
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.AbstractRowMapperTests$MockType
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/embedded/EmbeddedDatabaseFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.embedded.EmbeddedDatabaseFactoryBeanTests
org/springframework/jdbc/core/JdbcTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplateTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplateTests$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplateTests$1StringHandler
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplateTests$2
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplateTests$3
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplateTests$4
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplateTests$5
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplateTests$6
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplateTests$7
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplateTests$8
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplateTests$Dispatcher
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplateTests$JdbcTemplateCallback
org/springframework/jdbc/support/SQLExceptionCustomTranslatorTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.SQLExceptionCustomTranslatorTests
org/springframework/jdbc/core/support/JdbcBeanDefinitionReaderTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.support.JdbcBeanDefinitionReaderTests
org/springframework/jdbc/core/namedparam/BeanPropertySqlParameterSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam.BeanPropertySqlParameterSourceTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam.BeanPropertySqlParameterSourceTests$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam.BeanPropertySqlParameterSourceTests$NoReadableProperties
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/TestDataSourceWrapper.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.TestDataSourceWrapper
org/springframework/jdbc/support/rowset/ResultSetWrappingRowSetTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.rowset.ResultSetWrappingRowSetTests
org/springframework/jdbc/core/test/SpacePerson.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.test.SpacePerson
org/springframework/jdbc/support/CustomSQLExceptionTranslatorRegistrarTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.CustomSQLExceptionTranslatorRegistrarTests
org/springframework/jdbc/object/SqlUpdateTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlUpdateTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlUpdateTests$1NamedParameterUpdater
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlUpdateTests$ConstructorUpdater
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlUpdateTests$GeneratedKeysUpdater
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlUpdateTests$IntIntUpdater
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlUpdateTests$IntUpdater
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlUpdateTests$MaxRowsUpdater
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlUpdateTests$MixedUpdater
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlUpdateTests$RequiredRowsUpdater
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlUpdateTests$StringUpdater
 org.springframework.jdbc.object.SqlUpdateTests$Updater
org/springframework/jdbc/core/JdbcTemplateQueryTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplateQueryTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplateQueryTests$1
org/springframework/jdbc/config/JdbcNamespaceIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.config.JdbcNamespaceIntegrationTests
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/DataSourceJtaTransactionTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceJtaTransactionTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceJtaTransactionTests$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceJtaTransactionTests$10
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceJtaTransactionTests$2
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceJtaTransactionTests$2$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceJtaTransactionTests$3
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceJtaTransactionTests$3$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceJtaTransactionTests$4
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceJtaTransactionTests$4$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceJtaTransactionTests$5
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceJtaTransactionTests$5$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceJtaTransactionTests$6
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceJtaTransactionTests$7
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceJtaTransactionTests$8
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceJtaTransactionTests$9
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/UserCredentialsDataSourceAdapterTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.UserCredentialsDataSourceAdapterTests
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/init/ResourceDatabasePopulatorTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init.ResourceDatabasePopulatorTests
org/springframework/jdbc/core/StatementCreatorUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.StatementCreatorUtilsTests
org/springframework/jdbc/core/namedparam/NamedParameterUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam.NamedParameterUtilsTests
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/lookup/JndiDataSourceLookupTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.lookup.JndiDataSourceLookupTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.lookup.JndiDataSourceLookupTests$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.lookup.JndiDataSourceLookupTests$2
org/springframework/jdbc/core/support/JdbcDaoSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.support.JdbcDaoSupportTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.support.JdbcDaoSupportTests$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.support.JdbcDaoSupportTests$2
org/springframework/jdbc/core/simple/SimpleJdbcInsertTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.simple.SimpleJdbcInsertTests
org/springframework/jdbc/datasource/lookup/MapDataSourceLookupTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.lookup.MapDataSourceLookupTests
org/springframework/jdbc/core/simple/CallMetaDataContextTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.simple.CallMetaDataContextTests
org/springframework/jdbc/core/support/LobSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.support.LobSupportTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.support.LobSupportTests$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.support.LobSupportTests$1SetValuesCalled
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.support.LobSupportTests$2
org/springframework/jdbc/core/test/ExtendedPerson.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.core.test.ExtendedPerson
org/springframework/jdbc/support/KeyHolderTests.java
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.KeyHolderTests
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.KeyHolderTests$1
 org.springframework.jdbc.support.KeyHolderTests$2
