org/springframework/context/index/sample/SampleNone.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.SampleNone
org/springframework/context/index/sample/jpa/SampleEntity.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.jpa.SampleEntity
org/springframework/context/index/sample/type/SmartRepo.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.type.SmartRepo
org/springframework/context/index/sample/cdi/SampleManagedBean.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.cdi.SampleManagedBean
org/springframework/context/index/sample/SampleController.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.SampleController
org/springframework/context/index/sample/type/SampleEntity.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.type.SampleEntity
org/springframework/context/index/sample/AbstractController.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.AbstractController
org/springframework/context/index/sample/SampleRepository.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.SampleRepository
org/springframework/context/index/sample/jpa/SampleEmbeddable.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.jpa.SampleEmbeddable
org/springframework/context/index/sample/SampleService.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.SampleService
org/springframework/context/index/processor/PropertiesMarshallerTests.java
 org.springframework.context.index.processor.PropertiesMarshallerTests
org/springframework/context/index/sample/type/Repo.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.type.Repo
org/springframework/context/index/sample/jpa/SampleMappedSuperClass.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.jpa.SampleMappedSuperClass
org/springframework/context/index/sample/Scope.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.Scope
org/springframework/context/index/sample/MetaControllerIndexed.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.MetaControllerIndexed
org/springframework/context/index/sample/jpa/SampleConverter.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.jpa.SampleConverter
org/springframework/context/index/test/TestCompiler.java
 org.springframework.context.index.test.TestCompiler
 org.springframework.context.index.test.TestCompiler$TestCompilationTask
org/springframework/context/index/processor/Metadata.java
 org.springframework.context.index.processor.Metadata
org/springframework/context/index/sample/type/SpecializedRepo.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.type.SpecializedRepo
org/springframework/context/index/sample/MetaController.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.MetaController
org/springframework/context/index/sample/SampleComponent.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.SampleComponent
org/springframework/context/index/processor/CandidateComponentsIndexerTests.java
 org.springframework.context.index.processor.CandidateComponentsIndexerTests
org/springframework/context/index/sample/cdi/SampleTransactional.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.cdi.SampleTransactional
org/springframework/context/index/sample/SampleMetaController.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.SampleMetaController
org/springframework/context/index/sample/jpa/package-info.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.jpa.package-info
org/springframework/context/index/sample/type/SampleSpecializedRepo.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.type.SampleSpecializedRepo
org/springframework/context/index/sample/SampleNonStaticEmbedded.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.SampleNonStaticEmbedded
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.SampleNonStaticEmbedded$InvalidCandidate
org/springframework/context/index/sample/type/AbstractRepo.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.type.AbstractRepo
org/springframework/context/index/sample/SampleEmbedded.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.SampleEmbedded
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.SampleEmbedded$Another
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.SampleEmbedded$Another$AnotherPublicCandidate
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.SampleEmbedded$PublicCandidate
org/springframework/context/index/sample/type/SampleRepo.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.type.SampleRepo
org/springframework/context/index/sample/SampleMetaIndexedController.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.SampleMetaIndexedController
org/springframework/context/index/sample/cdi/SampleNamed.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.cdi.SampleNamed
org/springframework/context/index/sample/type/SampleSmartRepo.java
 org.springframework.context.index.sample.type.SampleSmartRepo
