org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/AgeHolder.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.AgeHolder
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/Pet.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.Pet
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/DummyBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.DummyBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/FactoryMethods.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.FactoryMethods
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.FactoryMethods$1
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.FactoryMethods$ExtendedFactoryMethods
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/subpkg/DeepBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.subpkg.DeepBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/TestBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.TestBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/Employee.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.Employee
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/SideEffectBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.SideEffectBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/HasMap.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.HasMap
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/SerializablePerson.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.SerializablePerson
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/Colour.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.Colour
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/GenericBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.GenericBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/ITestBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.ITestBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/factory/xml/AbstractListableBeanFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.factory.xml.AbstractListableBeanFactoryTests
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/TestAnnotation.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.TestAnnotation
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/GenericSetOfIntegerBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.GenericSetOfIntegerBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/CountingTestBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.CountingTestBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/DummyFactory.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.DummyFactory
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/DependenciesBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.DependenciesBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/INestedTestBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.INestedTestBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/Person.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.Person
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/LifecycleBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.LifecycleBean
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.LifecycleBean$PostProcessor
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/NestedTestBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.NestedTestBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/IndexedTestBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.IndexedTestBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/AnnotatedBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.AnnotatedBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/factory/DummyFactory.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.factory.DummyFactory
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/PackageLevelVisibleBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.PackageLevelVisibleBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/CollectingReaderEventListener.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.CollectingReaderEventListener
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/IOther.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.IOther
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/BooleanTestBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.BooleanTestBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/NumberTestBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.NumberTestBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/package-info.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.package-info
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/GenericIntegerBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.GenericIntegerBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/DerivedTestBean.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.DerivedTestBean
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/MustBeInitialized.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.MustBeInitialized
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/beans/CustomEnum.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.beans.CustomEnum
org/springframework/beans/testfixture/factory/xml/AbstractBeanFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.factory.xml.AbstractBeanFactoryTests
 org.springframework.beans.testfixture.factory.xml.AbstractBeanFactoryTests$TestBeanEditor
