org/springframework/cache/jcache/interceptor/SampleObject.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.SampleObject
org/springframework/cache/ehcache/EhCacheSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.ehcache.EhCacheSupportTests
 org.springframework.cache.ehcache.EhCacheSupportTests$1
org/springframework/cache/jcache/config/JCacheNamespaceDrivenTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.config.JCacheNamespaceDrivenTests
org/springframework/scheduling/quartz/CronTriggerFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.quartz.CronTriggerFactoryBeanTests
org/springframework/cache/jcache/config/JCacheStandaloneConfigTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.config.JCacheStandaloneConfigTests
org/springframework/cache/jcache/interceptor/CachePutOperationTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.CachePutOperationTests
org/springframework/cache/jcache/JCacheEhCache3ApiTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.JCacheEhCache3ApiTests
org/springframework/cache/caffeine/CaffeineCacheTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.caffeine.CaffeineCacheTests
org/springframework/validation/beanvalidation2/ValidatorFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.ValidatorFactoryTests
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.ValidatorFactoryTests$InnerBean
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.ValidatorFactoryTests$InnerValid
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.ValidatorFactoryTests$InnerValidator
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.ValidatorFactoryTests$ListContainer
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.ValidatorFactoryTests$MainBean
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.ValidatorFactoryTests$MainBeanWithOptional
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.ValidatorFactoryTests$NameAddressValid
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.ValidatorFactoryTests$NameAddressValidator
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.ValidatorFactoryTests$NotXList
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.ValidatorFactoryTests$NotXListValidator
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.ValidatorFactoryTests$ValidAddress
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.ValidatorFactoryTests$ValidPerson
org/springframework/cache/jcache/config/JCacheCustomInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.config.JCacheCustomInterceptorTests
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.config.JCacheCustomInterceptorTests$EnableCachingConfig
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.config.JCacheCustomInterceptorTests$TestCacheInterceptor
org/springframework/scheduling/quartz/QuartzSchedulerLifecycleTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.quartz.QuartzSchedulerLifecycleTests
org/springframework/mail/javamail/JavaMailSenderTests.java
 org.springframework.mail.javamail.JavaMailSenderTests
 org.springframework.mail.javamail.JavaMailSenderTests$1
 org.springframework.mail.javamail.JavaMailSenderTests$2
 org.springframework.mail.javamail.JavaMailSenderTests$3
 org.springframework.mail.javamail.JavaMailSenderTests$4
 org.springframework.mail.javamail.JavaMailSenderTests$5
 org.springframework.mail.javamail.JavaMailSenderTests$6
 org.springframework.mail.javamail.JavaMailSenderTests$MockJavaMailSender
 org.springframework.mail.javamail.JavaMailSenderTests$MockTransport
org/springframework/cache/jcache/AbstractJCacheTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.AbstractJCacheTests
org/springframework/cache/jcache/JCacheCacheManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.JCacheCacheManagerTests
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.JCacheCacheManagerTests$1
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.JCacheCacheManagerTests$CacheManagerMock
org/springframework/cache/jcache/interceptor/AnnotatedJCacheableService.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.AnnotatedJCacheableService
org/springframework/mail/javamail/InternetAddressEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.mail.javamail.InternetAddressEditorTests
org/springframework/cache/jcache/JCacheEhCacheAnnotationTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.JCacheEhCacheAnnotationTests
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.JCacheEhCacheAnnotationTests$EnableCachingConfig
org/springframework/mail/javamail/ConfigurableMimeFileTypeMapTests.java
 org.springframework.mail.javamail.ConfigurableMimeFileTypeMapTests
org/springframework/cache/jcache/interceptor/CacheRemoveOperationTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.CacheRemoveOperationTests
org/springframework/cache/jcache/interceptor/AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$CustomService
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$CustomServiceWithDefaults
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.AnnotationCacheOperationSourceTests$InvalidCases
org/springframework/cache/jcache/JCacheEhCacheApiTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.JCacheEhCacheApiTests
org/springframework/cache/jcache/JCacheEhCache3AnnotationTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.JCacheEhCache3AnnotationTests
org/springframework/scheduling/quartz/SimpleTriggerFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.quartz.SimpleTriggerFactoryBeanTests
org/springframework/validation/beanvalidation2/MethodValidationTests.java
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.MethodValidationTests
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.MethodValidationTests$LazyMethodValidationConfig
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.MethodValidationTests$LazyMethodValidationConfigWithProxyTargetClass
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.MethodValidationTests$MyGroup
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.MethodValidationTests$MyStereotype
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.MethodValidationTests$MyValid
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.MethodValidationTests$MyValidBean
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.MethodValidationTests$MyValidFactoryBean
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.MethodValidationTests$MyValidInterface
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.MethodValidationTests$OtherGroup
org/springframework/ui/freemarker/FreeMarkerConfigurationFactoryBeanTests.java
 org.springframework.ui.freemarker.FreeMarkerConfigurationFactoryBeanTests
 org.springframework.ui.freemarker.FreeMarkerConfigurationFactoryBeanTests$1
org/springframework/cache/ehcache/EhCacheCacheManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.ehcache.EhCacheCacheManagerTests
org/springframework/scheduling/quartz/QuartzSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.quartz.QuartzSupportTests
 org.springframework.scheduling.quartz.QuartzSupportTests$1
 org.springframework.scheduling.quartz.QuartzSupportTests$CountingTaskExecutor
 org.springframework.scheduling.quartz.QuartzSupportTests$DummyJob
 org.springframework.scheduling.quartz.QuartzSupportTests$DummyJobBean
 org.springframework.scheduling.quartz.QuartzSupportTests$DummyRunnable
org/springframework/scheduling/quartz/QuartzTestBean.java
 org.springframework.scheduling.quartz.QuartzTestBean
org/springframework/cache/jcache/interceptor/CacheResolverAdapterTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.CacheResolverAdapterTests
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.CacheResolverAdapterTests$Sample
org/springframework/cache/jcache/interceptor/JCacheErrorHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.JCacheErrorHandlerTests
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.JCacheErrorHandlerTests$Config
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.JCacheErrorHandlerTests$SimpleService
org/springframework/cache/transaction/TransactionAwareCacheDecoratorTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.transaction.TransactionAwareCacheDecoratorTests
org/springframework/validation/beanvalidation2/BeanValidationPostProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.BeanValidationPostProcessorTests
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.BeanValidationPostProcessorTests$AfterInitConstraintBean
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.BeanValidationPostProcessorTests$NotNullConstrainedBean
org/springframework/validation/beanvalidation2/SpringValidatorAdapterTests.java
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.SpringValidatorAdapterTests
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$AnythingValid
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$AnythingValidator
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$BeanWithListElementConstraint
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$BeanWithMapEntryConstraint
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$Child
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$Parent
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$Same
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$Same$List
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$SameGroup
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$SameValidator
 org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation2.SpringValidatorAdapterTests$TestBean
org/springframework/cache/ehcache/EhCacheCacheTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.ehcache.EhCacheCacheTests
org/springframework/cache/jcache/config/JCacheJavaConfigTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.config.JCacheJavaConfigTests
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.config.JCacheJavaConfigTests$EmptyConfigSupportConfig
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.config.JCacheJavaConfigTests$EnableCachingConfig
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.config.JCacheJavaConfigTests$FullCachingConfig
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.config.JCacheJavaConfigTests$FullCachingConfigSupport
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.config.JCacheJavaConfigTests$NoExceptionCacheResolverConfig
org/springframework/cache/jcache/interceptor/JCacheInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.JCacheInterceptorTests
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.JCacheInterceptorTests$1
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.JCacheInterceptorTests$DummyInvoker
org/springframework/cache/jcache/interceptor/CacheResultOperationTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.CacheResultOperationTests
org/springframework/cache/jcache/interceptor/AbstractCacheOperationTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.AbstractCacheOperationTests
org/springframework/cache/jcache/interceptor/CacheRemoveAllOperationTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.CacheRemoveAllOperationTests
org/springframework/cache/jcache/interceptor/JCacheKeyGeneratorTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.JCacheKeyGeneratorTests
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.JCacheKeyGeneratorTests$1
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.JCacheKeyGeneratorTests$Config
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.JCacheKeyGeneratorTests$SimpleService
 org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor.JCacheKeyGeneratorTests$TestKeyGenerator
org/springframework/mail/SimpleMailMessageTests.java
 org.springframework.mail.SimpleMailMessageTests
org/springframework/cache/caffeine/CaffeineCacheManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.caffeine.CaffeineCacheManagerTests
 org.springframework.cache.caffeine.CaffeineCacheManagerTests$1
org/springframework/cache/transaction/AbstractTransactionSupportingCacheManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.cache.transaction.AbstractTransactionSupportingCacheManagerTests
