org/springframework/web/socket/config/annotation/WebSocketMessageBrokerConfigurationSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketMessageBrokerConfigurationSupportTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketMessageBrokerConfigurationSupportTests$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketMessageBrokerConfigurationSupportTests$TestChannel
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketMessageBrokerConfigurationSupportTests$TestChannelConfig
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketMessageBrokerConfigurationSupportTests$TestConfigurer
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketMessageBrokerConfigurationSupportTests$TestController
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketMessageBrokerConfigurationSupportTests$WebSocketHandlerDecoratorConfig
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketMessageBrokerConfigurationSupportTests$WebSocketHandlerDecoratorConfig$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketMessageBrokerConfigurationSupportTests$WebSocketHandlerDecoratorConfig$1$1
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/client/JettySockJsIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.JettySockJsIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.JettySockJsIntegrationTests$JettyTestConfig
org/springframework/web/socket/config/annotation/WebMvcStompEndpointRegistryTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebMvcStompEndpointRegistryTests
org/springframework/web/socket/config/annotation/WebMvcStompWebSocketEndpointRegistrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebMvcStompWebSocketEndpointRegistrationTests
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/client/UndertowSockJsIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.UndertowSockJsIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.UndertowSockJsIntegrationTests$UndertowTestConfig
org/springframework/web/socket/messaging/DefaultSimpUserRegistryTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.DefaultSimpUserRegistryTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.DefaultSimpUserRegistryTests$1
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/transport/session/HttpSockJsSessionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session.HttpSockJsSessionTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session.HttpSockJsSessionTests$TestAbstractHttpSockJsSession
org/springframework/web/socket/WebSocketExtensionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.WebSocketExtensionTests
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/client/DefaultTransportRequestTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.DefaultTransportRequestTests
org/springframework/web/socket/server/support/HttpSessionHandshakeInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.support.HttpSessionHandshakeInterceptorTests
org/springframework/web/socket/server/standard/ServerEndpointRegistrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.ServerEndpointRegistrationTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.ServerEndpointRegistrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.ServerEndpointRegistrationTests$Config
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.ServerEndpointRegistrationTests$EchoEndpoint
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.ServerEndpointRegistrationTests$EchoService
org/springframework/web/socket/messaging/SubProtocolWebSocketHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.SubProtocolWebSocketHandlerTests
org/springframework/web/socket/adapter/standard/ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests$BytesToMyTypeConverter
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests$Config
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests$MyBinaryDecoder
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests$MyBinaryEncoder
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests$MyBinaryEncoderDecoder
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests$MyTextDecoder
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests$MyTextEncoder
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests$MyTextEncoderDecoder
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests$MyType
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests$MyTypeToBytesConverter
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests$MyTypeToStringConverter
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests$NoConfig
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests$NoConvertersConfig
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests$StringToMyTypeConverter
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.ConvertingEncoderDecoderSupportTests$WithAutowire
org/springframework/web/socket/messaging/StompSubProtocolHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompSubProtocolHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompSubProtocolHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompSubProtocolHandlerTests$2
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompSubProtocolHandlerTests$3
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompSubProtocolHandlerTests$AuthenticationInterceptor
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompSubProtocolHandlerTests$TestMessageHandler
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompSubProtocolHandlerTests$TestPublisher
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompSubProtocolHandlerTests$UniqueUser
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/transport/handler/DefaultSockJsServiceTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.handler.DefaultSockJsServiceTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.handler.DefaultSockJsServiceTests$HandshakeTransportHandler
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.handler.DefaultSockJsServiceTests$SessionCreatingTransportHandler
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/support/SockJsServiceTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.support.SockJsServiceTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.support.SockJsServiceTests$TestSockJsService
org/springframework/web/socket/messaging/StompTextMessageBuilder.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompTextMessageBuilder
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/client/AbstractSockJsIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.AbstractSockJsIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.AbstractSockJsIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.AbstractSockJsIntegrationTests$EchoHandler
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.AbstractSockJsIntegrationTests$TestClientHandler
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.AbstractSockJsIntegrationTests$TestConfig
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.AbstractSockJsIntegrationTests$TestFilter
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.AbstractSockJsIntegrationTests$TestServerHandler
org/springframework/web/socket/WebSocketTestServer.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.WebSocketTestServer
org/springframework/web/socket/config/annotation/WebSocketHandlerRegistrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketHandlerRegistrationTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketHandlerRegistrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketHandlerRegistrationTests$Mapping
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketHandlerRegistrationTests$TestWebSocketHandlerRegistration
org/springframework/web/socket/config/HandlersBeanDefinitionParserTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.BarTestInterceptor
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.FooTestInterceptor
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.FooWebSocketHandler
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.HandlersBeanDefinitionParserTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.TestChannelInterceptor
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.TestHandshakeHandler
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.TestMessageCodec
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.TestTaskScheduler
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.TestWebSocketHandler
org/springframework/web/socket/messaging/StompSubProtocolErrorHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompSubProtocolErrorHandlerTests
org/springframework/web/socket/adapter/standard/StandardWebSocketHandlerAdapterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.StandardWebSocketHandlerAdapterTests
org/springframework/web/socket/server/standard/ServerEndpointExporterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.ServerEndpointExporterTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.ServerEndpointExporterTests$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.ServerEndpointExporterTests$AnnotatedDummyEndpoint
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.ServerEndpointExporterTests$AnnotatedDummyEndpointBean
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.ServerEndpointExporterTests$Config
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.ServerEndpointExporterTests$DummyEndpoint
org/springframework/web/socket/ContextLoaderTestUtils.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.ContextLoaderTestUtils
org/springframework/web/socket/server/standard/SpringConfiguratorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.SpringConfiguratorTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.SpringConfiguratorTests$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.SpringConfiguratorTests$ComponentEchoEndpoint
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.SpringConfiguratorTests$Config
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.SpringConfiguratorTests$EchoEndpoint
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.SpringConfiguratorTests$EchoService
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard.SpringConfiguratorTests$PerConnectionEchoEndpoint
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/client/XhrTransportTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.XhrTransportTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.XhrTransportTests$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.XhrTransportTests$TestXhrTransport
org/springframework/web/socket/handler/WebSocketHttpHeadersTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.handler.WebSocketHttpHeadersTests
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/client/ClientSockJsSessionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.ClientSockJsSessionTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.ClientSockJsSessionTests$TestClientSockJsSession
org/springframework/web/socket/client/WebSocketConnectionManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.client.WebSocketConnectionManagerTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.client.WebSocketConnectionManagerTests$TestLifecycleWebSocketClient
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/transport/session/AbstractSockJsSessionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session.AbstractSockJsSessionTests
org/springframework/web/socket/server/support/WebSocketHttpRequestHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.support.WebSocketHttpRequestHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.support.WebSocketHttpRequestHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.support.WebSocketHttpRequestHandlerTests$TestInterceptor
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/transport/handler/HttpSendingTransportHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.handler.HttpSendingTransportHandlerTests
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/client/RestTemplateXhrTransportTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.RestTemplateXhrTransportTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.RestTemplateXhrTransportTests$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.RestTemplateXhrTransportTests$TestRestTemplate
org/springframework/web/socket/handler/BeanCreatingHandlerProviderTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.handler.BeanCreatingHandlerProviderTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.handler.BeanCreatingHandlerProviderTests$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.handler.BeanCreatingHandlerProviderTests$Config
 org.springframework.web.socket.handler.BeanCreatingHandlerProviderTests$EchoHandler
 org.springframework.web.socket.handler.BeanCreatingHandlerProviderTests$EchoService
 org.springframework.web.socket.handler.BeanCreatingHandlerProviderTests$SimpleEchoHandler
org/springframework/web/socket/config/annotation/WebSocketConfigurationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketConfigurationTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketConfigurationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketConfigurationTests$2
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketConfigurationTests$TestConfig
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation.WebSocketConfigurationTests$TestHandler
org/springframework/web/socket/TomcatWebSocketTestServer.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.TomcatWebSocketTestServer
org/springframework/web/socket/JettyWebSocketTestServer.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.JettyWebSocketTestServer
org/springframework/web/socket/adapter/jetty/JettyWebSocketHandlerAdapterTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.jetty.JettyWebSocketHandlerAdapterTests
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/transport/session/TestHttpSockJsSession.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session.TestHttpSockJsSession
org/springframework/web/socket/client/standard/StandardWebSocketClientTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.client.standard.StandardWebSocketClientTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.client.standard.StandardWebSocketClientTests$1
org/springframework/web/socket/TextMessageTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.TextMessageTests
org/springframework/web/socket/client/jetty/JettyWebSocketClientTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.client.jetty.JettyWebSocketClientTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.client.jetty.JettyWebSocketClientTests$TestJettyWebSocketServer
 org.springframework.web.socket.client.jetty.JettyWebSocketClientTests$TestJettyWebSocketServer$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.client.jetty.JettyWebSocketClientTests$TestJettyWebSocketServer$1$1
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/transport/TransportTypeTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.TransportTypeTests
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/frame/SockJsFrameTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.frame.SockJsFrameTests
org/springframework/web/socket/UndertowTestServer.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.UndertowTestServer
 org.springframework.web.socket.UndertowTestServer$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.UndertowTestServer$DispatcherServletInstanceFactory
 org.springframework.web.socket.UndertowTestServer$DispatcherServletInstanceFactory$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.UndertowTestServer$FilterInstanceFactory
 org.springframework.web.socket.UndertowTestServer$FilterInstanceFactory$1
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/transport/handler/SockJsWebSocketHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.handler.SockJsWebSocketHandlerTests
org/springframework/web/socket/messaging/WebSocketStompClientIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.WebSocketStompClientIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.WebSocketStompClientIntegrationTests$TestConfig
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.WebSocketStompClientIntegrationTests$TestHandler
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.WebSocketStompClientIntegrationTests$TestHandler$1
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/transport/session/StubSockJsServiceConfig.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session.StubSockJsServiceConfig
org/springframework/web/socket/messaging/WebSocketStompClientTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.WebSocketStompClientTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.WebSocketStompClientTests$TestWebSocketStompClient
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/client/SockJsClientTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.SockJsClientTests
org/springframework/web/socket/handler/TestWebSocketSession.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.handler.TestWebSocketSession
org/springframework/web/socket/messaging/WebSocketAnnotationMethodMessageHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.WebSocketAnnotationMethodMessageHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.WebSocketAnnotationMethodMessageHandlerTests$TestController
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.WebSocketAnnotationMethodMessageHandlerTests$TestControllerAdvice
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.WebSocketAnnotationMethodMessageHandlerTests$TestWebSocketAnnotationMethodMessageHandler
org/springframework/web/socket/handler/ConcurrentWebSocketSessionDecoratorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.handler.ConcurrentWebSocketSessionDecoratorTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.handler.ConcurrentWebSocketSessionDecoratorTests$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.handler.ConcurrentWebSocketSessionDecoratorTests$BlockingSession
org/springframework/web/socket/adapter/standard/StandardWebSocketSessionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard.StandardWebSocketSessionTests
org/springframework/web/socket/messaging/StompWebSocketIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompWebSocketIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompWebSocketIntegrationTests$IncrementController
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompWebSocketIntegrationTests$IntegrationTestController
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompWebSocketIntegrationTests$ScopedBean
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompWebSocketIntegrationTests$ScopedBeanController
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompWebSocketIntegrationTests$ScopedBeanImpl
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompWebSocketIntegrationTests$SimpleController
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompWebSocketIntegrationTests$TestClientWebSocketHandler
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompWebSocketIntegrationTests$TestMessageBrokerConfiguration
 org.springframework.web.socket.messaging.StompWebSocketIntegrationTests$TestMessageBrokerConfigurer
org/springframework/web/socket/handler/WebSocketHandlerDecoratorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.handler.WebSocketHandlerDecoratorTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.handler.WebSocketHandlerDecoratorTests$1
org/springframework/web/socket/server/support/HandshakeInterceptorChainTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.support.HandshakeInterceptorChainTests
org/springframework/web/socket/server/DefaultHandshakeHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.DefaultHandshakeHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.DefaultHandshakeHandlerTests$SubProtocolCapableHandler
org/springframework/web/socket/config/MessageBrokerBeanDefinitionParserTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.CustomArgumentResolver
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.CustomReturnValueHandler
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.MessageBrokerBeanDefinitionParserTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.TestStompErrorHandler
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.TestValidator
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.TestWebSocketHandlerDecorator
 org.springframework.web.socket.config.TestWebSocketHandlerDecoratorFactory
org/springframework/web/socket/WebSocketHandshakeTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.WebSocketHandshakeTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.WebSocketHandshakeTests$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.WebSocketHandshakeTests$TestConfig
 org.springframework.web.socket.WebSocketHandshakeTests$TestWebSocketHandler
org/springframework/web/socket/handler/ExceptionWebSocketHandlerDecoratorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.handler.ExceptionWebSocketHandlerDecoratorTests
org/springframework/web/socket/handler/PerConnectionWebSocketHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.handler.PerConnectionWebSocketHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.handler.PerConnectionWebSocketHandlerTests$EchoHandler
org/springframework/web/socket/server/support/OriginHandshakeInterceptorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.server.support.OriginHandshakeInterceptorTests
org/springframework/web/socket/AbstractHttpRequestTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.AbstractHttpRequestTests
org/springframework/web/socket/AbstractWebSocketIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.AbstractWebSocketIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.AbstractWebSocketIntegrationTests$AbstractRequestUpgradeStrategyConfig
 org.springframework.web.socket.AbstractWebSocketIntegrationTests$JettyUpgradeStrategyConfig
 org.springframework.web.socket.AbstractWebSocketIntegrationTests$ParameterizedWebSocketTest
 org.springframework.web.socket.AbstractWebSocketIntegrationTests$TomcatUpgradeStrategyConfig
 org.springframework.web.socket.AbstractWebSocketIntegrationTests$UndertowUpgradeStrategyConfig
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/client/TestTransport.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.TestTransport
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.TestTransport$XhrTestTransport
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/transport/session/TestSockJsSession.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session.TestSockJsSession
org/springframework/web/socket/adapter/jetty/JettyWebSocketSessionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.jetty.JettyWebSocketSessionTests
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/transport/session/SockJsSessionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session.SockJsSessionTests
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/client/SockJsUrlInfoTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client.SockJsUrlInfoTests
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/transport/session/WebSocketServerSockJsSessionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session.WebSocketServerSockJsSessionTests
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session.WebSocketServerSockJsSessionTests$1
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session.WebSocketServerSockJsSessionTests$TestWebSocketServerSockJsSession
org/springframework/web/socket/sockjs/transport/handler/HttpReceivingTransportHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.handler.HttpReceivingTransportHandlerTests
