org/springframework/web/reactive/function/BodyExtractorsTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.BodyExtractorsTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.BodyExtractorsTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.BodyExtractorsTests$2
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.BodyExtractorsTests$3
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.BodyExtractorsTests$4
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.BodyExtractorsTests$SafeToDeserialize
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.BodyExtractorsTests$User
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/RequestPredicatesTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.RequestPredicatesTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/socket/AbstractWebSocketIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.AbstractWebSocketIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.AbstractWebSocketIntegrationTests$AbstractHandlerAdapterConfig
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.AbstractWebSocketIntegrationTests$DispatcherConfig
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.AbstractWebSocketIntegrationTests$JettyConfig
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.AbstractWebSocketIntegrationTests$ParameterizedWebSocketTest
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.AbstractWebSocketIntegrationTests$ReactorNettyConfig
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.AbstractWebSocketIntegrationTests$TomcatConfig
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.AbstractWebSocketIntegrationTests$UndertowConfig
org/springframework/web/reactive/resource/ResourceWebHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.ResourceWebHandlerTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/config/CorsRegistryTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.config.CorsRegistryTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/client/WebClientIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.WebClientIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.WebClientIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.WebClientIntegrationTests$2
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.WebClientIntegrationTests$MyException
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.WebClientIntegrationTests$ParameterizedWebClientTest
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.WebClientIntegrationTests$ValueContainer
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/AbstractViewTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.AbstractViewTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.AbstractViewTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.AbstractViewTests$TestView
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/DefaultServerRequestTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DefaultServerRequestTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DefaultServerRequestTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DefaultServerRequestTests$2
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DefaultServerRequestTests$3
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DefaultServerRequestTests$ParameterizedHttpMethodTest
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/ViewResolutionResultHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.ViewResolutionResultHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.ViewResolutionResultHandlerTests$Handler
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.ViewResolutionResultHandlerTests$TestBean
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.ViewResolutionResultHandlerTests$TestView
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.ViewResolutionResultHandlerTests$TestViewResolver
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/DefaultRenderingResponseTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DefaultRenderingResponseTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DefaultRenderingResponseTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DefaultRenderingResponseTests$TestView
org/springframework/web/reactive/resource/ResourceTransformerSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.ResourceTransformerSupportTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.ResourceTransformerSupportTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.ResourceTransformerSupportTests$TestResourceTransformerSupport
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/SimpleUrlHandlerMappingIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.SimpleUrlHandlerMappingIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.SimpleUrlHandlerMappingIntegrationTests$WebConfig
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/RequestMappingViewResolutionIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingViewResolutionIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingViewResolutionIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingViewResolutionIntegrationTests$TestController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingViewResolutionIntegrationTests$WebConfig
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/ToStringVisitorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.ToStringVisitorTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.ToStringVisitorTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.ToStringVisitorTests$SimpleHandlerFunction
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/freemarker/FreeMarkerMacroTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.freemarker.FreeMarkerMacroTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.freemarker.FreeMarkerMacroTests$1
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/MatrixVariablesMapMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MatrixVariablesMapMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/AbstractRequestMappingIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.AbstractRequestMappingIntegrationTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/ResponseBodyResultHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ResponseBodyResultHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ResponseBodyResultHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ResponseBodyResultHandlerTests$TestController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ResponseBodyResultHandlerTests$TestRestController
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/client/support/ClientResponseWrapperTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.support.ClientResponseWrapperTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.support.ClientResponseWrapperTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.support.ClientResponseWrapperTests$2
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.support.ClientResponseWrapperTests$3
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.support.ClientResponseWrapperTests$4
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/HttpMessageWriterViewTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.HttpMessageWriterViewTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/ResponseEntityResultHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ResponseEntityResultHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ResponseEntityResultHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ResponseEntityResultHandlerTests$TestController
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/DefaultServerRequestBuilderTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DefaultServerRequestBuilderTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/InvalidHttpMethodIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.InvalidHttpMethodIntegrationTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/InvocableHandlerMethodTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.InvocableHandlerMethodTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.InvocableHandlerMethodTests$TestController
org/springframework/web/reactive/resource/GzipSupport.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.GzipSupport
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.GzipSupport$GzippedFiles
org/springframework/web/reactive/config/DelegatingWebFluxConfigurationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.config.DelegatingWebFluxConfigurationTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/resource/CachingResourceResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.CachingResourceResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/MessageWriterResultHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MessageWriterResultHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MessageWriterResultHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MessageWriterResultHandlerTests$Bar
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MessageWriterResultHandlerTests$Foo
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MessageWriterResultHandlerTests$Identifiable
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MessageWriterResultHandlerTests$ParentClass
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MessageWriterResultHandlerTests$SimpleBean
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MessageWriterResultHandlerTests$TestController
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/DefaultEntityResponseBuilderTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DefaultEntityResponseBuilderTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DefaultEntityResponseBuilderTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DefaultEntityResponseBuilderTests$2
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DefaultEntityResponseBuilderTests$3
org/springframework/web/reactive/protobuf/Msg.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.protobuf.Msg
 org.springframework.web.reactive.protobuf.Msg$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.protobuf.Msg$Builder
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/ContextPathIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ContextPathIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ContextPathIntegrationTests$TestController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ContextPathIntegrationTests$WebAppConfig
org/springframework/web/reactive/resource/CssLinkResourceTransformerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.CssLinkResourceTransformerTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/resource/PathResourceResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.PathResourceResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/config/DelegatingWebFluxConfigurationIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.config.DelegatingWebFluxConfigurationIntegrationTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/ServerWebExchangeMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ServerWebExchangeMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/PathResourceLookupFunctionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.PathResourceLookupFunctionTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/ModelMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ModelMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/ResourceHandlerFunctionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.ResourceHandlerFunctionTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.ResourceHandlerFunctionTests$1
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/RequestParamMapMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestParamMapMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/client/ExchangeStrategiesTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.ExchangeStrategiesTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/resource/ContentBasedVersionStrategyTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.ContentBasedVersionStrategyTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/SseIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.SseIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.SseIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.SseIntegrationTests$2
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.SseIntegrationTests$ParameterizedSseTest
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.SseIntegrationTests$Person
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.SseIntegrationTests$SseController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.SseIntegrationTests$TestConfiguration
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/RequestPredicateTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.RequestPredicateTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/DefaultRenderingBuilderTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.DefaultRenderingBuilderTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.DefaultRenderingBuilderTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.DefaultRenderingBuilderTests$Bar
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.DefaultRenderingBuilderTests$Foo
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/support/RouterFunctionMappingTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.support.RouterFunctionMappingTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/RouterFunctionsTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.RouterFunctionsTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.RouterFunctionsTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.RouterFunctionsTests$2
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.RouterFunctionsTests$3
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/RequestHeaderMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestHeaderMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/NestedRouteIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.NestedRouteIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.NestedRouteIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.NestedRouteIntegrationTests$NestedHandler
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/MessageReaderArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MessageReaderArgumentResolverTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MessageReaderArgumentResolverTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MessageReaderArgumentResolverTests$AbstractParameterizedController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MessageReaderArgumentResolverTests$ConcreteParameterizedController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MessageReaderArgumentResolverTests$Identifiable
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MessageReaderArgumentResolverTests$SimpleBean
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MessageReaderArgumentResolverTests$TestBean
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MessageReaderArgumentResolverTests$TestBeanValidator
org/springframework/web/reactive/protobuf/MsgOrBuilder.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.protobuf.MsgOrBuilder
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/condition/RequestConditionHolderTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.condition.RequestConditionHolderTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/RequestMappingMessageConversionIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingMessageConversionIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingMessageConversionIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingMessageConversionIntegrationTests$ConcreteController23791
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingMessageConversionIntegrationTests$Controller23791
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingMessageConversionIntegrationTests$People
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingMessageConversionIntegrationTests$Person
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingMessageConversionIntegrationTests$PersonCreateController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingMessageConversionIntegrationTests$PersonResponseBodyController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingMessageConversionIntegrationTests$PersonTransformationController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingMessageConversionIntegrationTests$RawResponseBodyController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingMessageConversionIntegrationTests$ResourceController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingMessageConversionIntegrationTests$WebConfig
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/RouterFunctionBuilderTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.RouterFunctionBuilderTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/freemarker/FreeMarkerViewTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.freemarker.FreeMarkerViewTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/accept/ParameterContentTypeResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.accept.ParameterContentTypeResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/GlobalCorsConfigIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.GlobalCorsConfigIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.GlobalCorsConfigIntegrationTests$TestController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.GlobalCorsConfigIntegrationTests$WebConfig
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/ErrorsMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ErrorsMethodArgumentResolverTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ErrorsMethodArgumentResolverTests$Foo
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/JacksonStreamingIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.JacksonStreamingIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.JacksonStreamingIntegrationTests$JacksonStreamingController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.JacksonStreamingIntegrationTests$Person
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.JacksonStreamingIntegrationTests$TestConfiguration
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/RequestPredicateAttributesTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.RequestPredicateAttributesTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.RequestPredicateAttributesTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.RequestPredicateAttributesTests$AddAttributePredicate
org/springframework/web/reactive/resource/VersionResourceResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.VersionResourceResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/client/DefaultClientResponseBuilderTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.DefaultClientResponseBuilderTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/client/ExchangeFilterFunctionsTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.ExchangeFilterFunctionsTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.ExchangeFilterFunctionsTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.ExchangeFilterFunctionsTests$MyException
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/condition/PatternsRequestConditionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.condition.PatternsRequestConditionTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/RedirectViewTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.RedirectViewTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/ExpressionValueMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ExpressionValueMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/socket/server/upgrade/ReactorNettyRequestUpgradeStrategyTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.server.upgrade.ReactorNettyRequestUpgradeStrategyTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/RequestBodyMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestBodyMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/FlushingIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.FlushingIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.FlushingIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.FlushingIntegrationTests$FlushingHandler
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/ControllerMethodResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ControllerMethodResolverTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ControllerMethodResolverTests$CustomArgumentResolver
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ControllerMethodResolverTests$CustomSyncArgumentResolver
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ControllerMethodResolverTests$TestController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ControllerMethodResolverTests$TestControllerAdvice
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/PrincipalMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.PrincipalMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/RequestMappingIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingIntegrationTests$LocalConfig
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingIntegrationTests$TestRestController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingIntegrationTests$WebConfig
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/condition/ParamsRequestConditionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.condition.ParamsRequestConditionTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/RenderingResponseIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.RenderingResponseIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.RenderingResponseIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.RenderingResponseIntegrationTests$DummyView
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.RenderingResponseIntegrationTests$DummyViewResolver
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.RenderingResponseIntegrationTests$RenderingResponseHandler
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/RequestContextTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.RequestContextTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/LocaleContextResolverIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.LocaleContextResolverIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.LocaleContextResolverIntegrationTests$TestController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.LocaleContextResolverIntegrationTests$WebConfig
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.LocaleContextResolverIntegrationTests$WebConfig$DummyView
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/AbstractRouterFunctionIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.AbstractRouterFunctionIntegrationTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/condition/RequestMappingInfoTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.condition.RequestMappingInfoTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/CrossOriginAnnotationIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.CrossOriginAnnotationIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.CrossOriginAnnotationIntegrationTests$ClassLevelController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.CrossOriginAnnotationIntegrationTests$MethodLevelController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.CrossOriginAnnotationIntegrationTests$WebConfig
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/script/NashornScriptTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.script.NashornScriptTemplateTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.script.NashornScriptTemplateTests$ScriptTemplatingConfiguration
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.script.NashornScriptTemplateTests$ScriptTemplatingWithUrlConfiguration
org/springframework/web/reactive/protobuf/SecondMsg.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.protobuf.SecondMsg
 org.springframework.web.reactive.protobuf.SecondMsg$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.protobuf.SecondMsg$Builder
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/HttpEntityMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.HttpEntityMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/RouterFunctionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.RouterFunctionTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/ControllerInputIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ControllerInputIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ControllerInputIntegrationTests$TestRestController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ControllerInputIntegrationTests$WebConfig
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/script/KotlinScriptTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.script.KotlinScriptTemplateTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.script.KotlinScriptTemplateTests$ScriptTemplatingConfiguration
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.script.KotlinScriptTemplateTests$ScriptTemplatingConfigurationWithoutRenderFunction
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/DefaultServerResponseBuilderTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DefaultServerResponseBuilderTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DefaultServerResponseBuilderTests$1
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/SessionAttributesHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.SessionAttributesHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.SessionAttributesHandlerTests$TestController
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/freemarker/FreeMarkerConfigurerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.freemarker.FreeMarkerConfigurerTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.freemarker.FreeMarkerConfigurerTests$1
org/springframework/web/reactive/resource/EncodedResourceResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.EncodedResourceResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/socket/server/support/HandshakeWebSocketServiceTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.server.support.HandshakeWebSocketServiceTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.server.support.HandshakeWebSocketServiceTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.server.support.HandshakeWebSocketServiceTests$TestRequestUpgradeStrategy
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/condition/RequestMethodsRequestConditionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.condition.RequestMethodsRequestConditionTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/PathVariableMapMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.PathVariableMapMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/config/ResourceHandlerRegistryTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.config.ResourceHandlerRegistryTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/RequestAttributeMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestAttributeMethodArgumentResolverTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestAttributeMethodArgumentResolverTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestAttributeMethodArgumentResolverTests$Foo
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/script/JRubyScriptTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.script.JRubyScriptTemplateTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.script.JRubyScriptTemplateTests$ScriptTemplatingConfiguration
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/PathVariableMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.PathVariableMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/script/ScriptTemplateViewResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.script.ScriptTemplateViewResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/socket/WebSocketIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.WebSocketIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.WebSocketIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.WebSocketIntegrationTests$CookieHandler
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.WebSocketIntegrationTests$CustomHeaderHandler
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.WebSocketIntegrationTests$EchoWebSocketHandler
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.WebSocketIntegrationTests$SessionClosingHandler
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.WebSocketIntegrationTests$SubProtocolWebSocketHandler
 org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.WebSocketIntegrationTests$WebConfig
org/springframework/web/reactive/config/WebFluxConfigurationSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.config.WebFluxConfigurationSupportTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.config.WebFluxConfigurationSupportTests$CustomMessageConverterConfig
 org.springframework.web.reactive.config.WebFluxConfigurationSupportTests$CustomPatchMatchConfig
 org.springframework.web.reactive.config.WebFluxConfigurationSupportTests$CustomResourceHandlingConfig
 org.springframework.web.reactive.config.WebFluxConfigurationSupportTests$CustomViewResolverConfig
 org.springframework.web.reactive.config.WebFluxConfigurationSupportTests$TestBean
 org.springframework.web.reactive.config.WebFluxConfigurationSupportTests$UserController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.config.WebFluxConfigurationSupportTests$WebFluxConfig
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/DummyMacroRequestContext.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.DummyMacroRequestContext
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/MultipartIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.MultipartIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.MultipartIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.MultipartIntegrationTests$MultipartHandler
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/HeadersWrapperTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.HeadersWrapperTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/ModelInitializerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ModelInitializerTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ModelInitializerTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ModelInitializerTests$TestBean
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ModelInitializerTests$TestController
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/client/DefaultWebClientTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.DefaultWebClientTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/client/DefaultClientResponseTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.DefaultClientResponseTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.DefaultClientResponseTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.DefaultClientResponseTests$2
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.DefaultClientResponseTests$3
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.DefaultClientResponseTests$4
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/RequestMappingDataBindingIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingDataBindingIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingDataBindingIntegrationTests$Foo
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingDataBindingIntegrationTests$TestController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingDataBindingIntegrationTests$WebConfig
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/condition/ConsumesRequestConditionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.condition.ConsumesRequestConditionTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/HandlerMethodMappingTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.HandlerMethodMappingTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.HandlerMethodMappingTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.HandlerMethodMappingTests$MyHandler
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.HandlerMethodMappingTests$MyHandlerMethodMapping
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/DispatcherHandlerIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DispatcherHandlerIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DispatcherHandlerIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DispatcherHandlerIntegrationTests$AttributesHandler
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DispatcherHandlerIntegrationTests$Person
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DispatcherHandlerIntegrationTests$PersonController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DispatcherHandlerIntegrationTests$PersonHandler
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.DispatcherHandlerIntegrationTests$TestConfiguration
org/springframework/web/reactive/DispatcherHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.DispatcherHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.DispatcherHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.DispatcherHandlerTests$StringHandlerResultHandler
 org.springframework.web.reactive.DispatcherHandlerTests$SupplierHandlerAdapter
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/support/ServerRequestWrapperTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.support.ServerRequestWrapperTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.support.ServerRequestWrapperTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.support.ServerRequestWrapperTests$2
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/InitBinderBindingContextTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.InitBinderBindingContextTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.InitBinderBindingContextTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.InitBinderBindingContextTests$InitBinderHandler
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/SessionAttributeMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.SessionAttributeMethodArgumentResolverTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.SessionAttributeMethodArgumentResolverTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.SessionAttributeMethodArgumentResolverTests$Foo
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/JacksonHintsIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.JacksonHintsIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.JacksonHintsIntegrationTests$JacksonViewBean
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.JacksonHintsIntegrationTests$JsonViewRestController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.JacksonHintsIntegrationTests$MyJacksonView1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.JacksonHintsIntegrationTests$MyJacksonView2
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.JacksonHintsIntegrationTests$WebConfig
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/RequestMappingInfoHandlerMappingTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.RequestMappingInfoHandlerMappingTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.RequestMappingInfoHandlerMappingTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.RequestMappingInfoHandlerMappingTests$TestController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.RequestMappingInfoHandlerMappingTests$TestRequestMappingInfoHandlerMapping
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.RequestMappingInfoHandlerMappingTests$UserController
org/springframework/web/reactive/config/ViewResolverRegistryTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.config.ViewResolverRegistryTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/support/DispatcherHandlerIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.support.DispatcherHandlerIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.support.DispatcherHandlerIntegrationTests$Handler
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.support.DispatcherHandlerIntegrationTests$TestConfiguration
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/MatrixVariablesMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MatrixVariablesMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/ControllerAdviceTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ControllerAdviceTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ControllerAdviceTests$OneControllerAdvice
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ControllerAdviceTests$SecondControllerAdvice
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ControllerAdviceTests$TestConfig
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ControllerAdviceTests$TestController
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/script/JythonScriptTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.script.JythonScriptTemplateTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.script.JythonScriptTemplateTests$ScriptTemplatingConfiguration
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/condition/CompositeRequestConditionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.condition.CompositeRequestConditionTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/SseHandlerFunctionIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.SseHandlerFunctionIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.SseHandlerFunctionIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.SseHandlerFunctionIntegrationTests$Person
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.SseHandlerFunctionIntegrationTests$SseHandler
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/WebSessionMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.WebSessionMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/LocaleContextResolverIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.LocaleContextResolverIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.LocaleContextResolverIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.LocaleContextResolverIntegrationTests$DummyView
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.LocaleContextResolverIntegrationTests$DummyViewResolver
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/HandlerResultHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.HandlerResultHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.HandlerResultHandlerTests$TestResultHandler
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/BodyInsertersTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.BodyInsertersTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.BodyInsertersTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.BodyInsertersTests$2
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.BodyInsertersTests$SafeToSerialize
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.BodyInsertersTests$User
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/ProtobufIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ProtobufIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ProtobufIntegrationTests$ProtobufController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ProtobufIntegrationTests$TestConfiguration
org/springframework/web/reactive/protobuf/OuterSample.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.protobuf.OuterSample
 org.springframework.web.reactive.protobuf.OuterSample$1
org/springframework/web/reactive/resource/AppCacheManifestTransformerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.AppCacheManifestTransformerTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/condition/ProducesRequestConditionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.condition.ProducesRequestConditionTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/MultipartIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MultipartIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MultipartIntegrationTests$FormBean
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MultipartIntegrationTests$MultipartController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MultipartIntegrationTests$Person
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.MultipartIntegrationTests$TestConfiguration
org/springframework/web/reactive/protobuf/SecondMsgOrBuilder.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.protobuf.SecondMsgOrBuilder
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/client/DefaultClientRequestBuilderTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.DefaultClientRequestBuilderTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.DefaultClientRequestBuilderTests$1
org/springframework/web/reactive/handler/CorsUrlHandlerMappingTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.handler.CorsUrlHandlerMappingTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.handler.CorsUrlHandlerMappingTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.handler.CorsUrlHandlerMappingTests$CorsAwareHandler
 org.springframework.web.reactive.handler.CorsUrlHandlerMappingTests$CustomCorsConfigurationSource
org/springframework/web/reactive/resource/FixedVersionStrategyTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.FixedVersionStrategyTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/RequestPartMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestPartMethodArgumentResolverTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestPartMethodArgumentResolverTests$Person
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/HandlerStrategiesTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.HandlerStrategiesTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/ModelAttributeMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ModelAttributeMethodArgumentResolverTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ModelAttributeMethodArgumentResolverTests$Bar
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.ModelAttributeMethodArgumentResolverTests$Foo
org/springframework/web/reactive/accept/RequestedContentTypeResolverBuilderTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.accept.RequestedContentTypeResolverBuilderTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/CookieValueMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.CookieValueMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/handler/WebFluxResponseStatusExceptionHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.handler.WebFluxResponseStatusExceptionHandlerTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.handler.WebFluxResponseStatusExceptionHandlerTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.handler.WebFluxResponseStatusExceptionHandlerTests$CustomException
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/RequestParamMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestParamMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/client/WebClientDataBufferAllocatingTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.WebClientDataBufferAllocatingTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client.WebClientDataBufferAllocatingTests$1
org/springframework/web/reactive/function/server/PublisherHandlerFunctionIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.PublisherHandlerFunctionIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.PublisherHandlerFunctionIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.PublisherHandlerFunctionIntegrationTests$Person
 org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.PublisherHandlerFunctionIntegrationTests$PersonHandler
org/springframework/web/reactive/handler/SimpleUrlHandlerMappingTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.handler.SimpleUrlHandlerMappingTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.handler.SimpleUrlHandlerMappingTests$WebConfig
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/RequestHeaderMapMethodArgumentResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestHeaderMapMethodArgumentResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/RequestMappingExceptionHandlingIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingExceptionHandlingIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingExceptionHandlingIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingExceptionHandlingIntegrationTests$Spr16318Exception
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingExceptionHandlingIntegrationTests$TestController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingExceptionHandlingIntegrationTests$WebConfig
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/condition/HeadersRequestConditionTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.condition.HeadersRequestConditionTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/resource/ResourceUrlProviderTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.ResourceUrlProviderTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.ResourceUrlProviderTests$HandlerMappingConfiguration
org/springframework/web/reactive/accept/HeaderContentTypeResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.accept.HeaderContentTypeResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/resource/WebJarsResourceResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.resource.WebJarsResourceResolverTests
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/method/annotation/RequestMappingHandlerMappingTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerMappingTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerMappingTests$ComposedAnnotationController
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerMappingTests$Foo
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerMappingTests$PostJson
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerMappingTests$UserController
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/ZeroDemandResponse.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.ZeroDemandResponse
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.ZeroDemandResponse$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.ZeroDemandResponse$ZeroDemandSubscriber
org/springframework/web/reactive/DispatcherHandlerErrorTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.DispatcherHandlerErrorTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.DispatcherHandlerErrorTests$1
 org.springframework.web.reactive.DispatcherHandlerErrorTests$Foo
 org.springframework.web.reactive.DispatcherHandlerErrorTests$ServerError500ExceptionHandler
 org.springframework.web.reactive.DispatcherHandlerErrorTests$TestConfig
 org.springframework.web.reactive.DispatcherHandlerErrorTests$TestController
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/script/ScriptTemplateViewTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.script.ScriptTemplateViewTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.script.ScriptTemplateViewTests$InvocableScriptEngine
org/springframework/web/reactive/result/view/UrlBasedViewResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.UrlBasedViewResolverTests
 org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.UrlBasedViewResolverTests$TestView
