org/springframework/jms/support/converter/MessagingMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.support.converter.MessagingMessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.jms.support.converter.MessagingMessageConverterTests$TestMessageConverter
org/springframework/jms/config/JmsListenerEndpointRegistrarTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.config.JmsListenerEndpointRegistrarTests
org/springframework/jms/listener/SimpleMessageListenerContainerTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.listener.SimpleMessageListenerContainerTests
 org.springframework.jms.listener.SimpleMessageListenerContainerTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.listener.SimpleMessageListenerContainerTests$2
 org.springframework.jms.listener.SimpleMessageListenerContainerTests$3
 org.springframework.jms.listener.SimpleMessageListenerContainerTests$4
 org.springframework.jms.listener.SimpleMessageListenerContainerTests$5
 org.springframework.jms.listener.SimpleMessageListenerContainerTests$6
 org.springframework.jms.listener.SimpleMessageListenerContainerTests$SimpleMessageConsumer
 org.springframework.jms.listener.SimpleMessageListenerContainerTests$TestMessageListener
org/springframework/jms/support/destination/JndiDestinationResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.support.destination.JndiDestinationResolverTests
 org.springframework.jms.support.destination.JndiDestinationResolverTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.support.destination.JndiDestinationResolverTests$2
 org.springframework.jms.support.destination.JndiDestinationResolverTests$CountingCannedJndiDestinationResolver
 org.springframework.jms.support.destination.JndiDestinationResolverTests$OneTimeLookupJndiDestinationResolver
org/springframework/jms/listener/endpoint/StubJmsActivationSpec.java
 org.springframework.jms.listener.endpoint.StubJmsActivationSpec
org/springframework/jms/core/JmsTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsTemplateTests
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsTemplateTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsTemplateTests$2
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsTemplateTests$3
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsTemplateTests$4
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsTemplateTests$5
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsTemplateTests$6
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsTemplateTests$7
org/springframework/jms/support/SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$10
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$11
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$12
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$13
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$14
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$15
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$16
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$17
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$18
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$19
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$2
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$20
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$21
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$22
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$23
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$3
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$4
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$5
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$6
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$7
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$8
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleJmsHeaderMapperTests$9
org/springframework/jms/StubQueue.java
 org.springframework.jms.StubQueue
org/springframework/jms/annotation/JmsListenerAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.JmsListenerAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.JmsListenerAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ClassProxyTestBean
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.JmsListenerAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$Config
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.JmsListenerAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$FooListener
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.JmsListenerAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$InterfaceProxyTestBean
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.JmsListenerAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$InvalidProxyTestBean
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.JmsListenerAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$MetaAnnotationTestBean
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.JmsListenerAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$ProxyConfig
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.JmsListenerAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$SimpleMessageListenerTestBean
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.JmsListenerAnnotationBeanPostProcessorTests$SimpleService
org/springframework/jms/listener/adapter/MessageContentsDelegate.java
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessageContentsDelegate
org/springframework/jms/listener/endpoint/DefaultJmsActivationSpecFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.listener.endpoint.DefaultJmsActivationSpecFactoryTests
 org.springframework.jms.listener.endpoint.DefaultJmsActivationSpecFactoryTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.listener.endpoint.DefaultJmsActivationSpecFactoryTests$StubActiveMQActivationSpec
 org.springframework.jms.listener.endpoint.DefaultJmsActivationSpecFactoryTests$StubActiveMQResourceAdapter
 org.springframework.jms.listener.endpoint.DefaultJmsActivationSpecFactoryTests$StubWebSphereActivationSpecImpl
 org.springframework.jms.listener.endpoint.DefaultJmsActivationSpecFactoryTests$StubWebSphereResourceAdapterImpl
org/springframework/jms/listener/adapter/MessageDelegate.java
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessageDelegate
org/springframework/jms/config/JmsListenerContainerTestFactory.java
 org.springframework.jms.config.JmsListenerContainerTestFactory
org/springframework/jms/listener/adapter/JmsResponseTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.JmsResponseTests
org/springframework/jms/config/JmsNamespaceHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.config.JmsNamespaceHandlerTests
 org.springframework.jms.config.JmsNamespaceHandlerTests$StoringReaderEventListener
 org.springframework.jms.config.JmsNamespaceHandlerTests$TestErrorHandler
 org.springframework.jms.config.JmsNamespaceHandlerTests$TestMessageListener
 org.springframework.jms.config.JmsNamespaceHandlerTests$ToolingTestApplicationContext
org/springframework/jms/annotation/AnnotationDrivenNamespaceTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.AnnotationDrivenNamespaceTests
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.AnnotationDrivenNamespaceTests$CustomJmsListenerConfigurer
org/springframework/jms/config/MethodJmsListenerEndpointTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.config.MethodJmsListenerEndpointTests
 org.springframework.jms.config.MethodJmsListenerEndpointTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.config.MethodJmsListenerEndpointTests$2
 org.springframework.jms.config.MethodJmsListenerEndpointTests$3
 org.springframework.jms.config.MethodJmsListenerEndpointTests$JmsEndpointSampleBean
 org.springframework.jms.config.MethodJmsListenerEndpointTests$MyBean
org/springframework/jms/listener/endpoint/StubJmsActivationSpecFactory.java
 org.springframework.jms.listener.endpoint.StubJmsActivationSpecFactory
org/springframework/jms/listener/adapter/MessageListenerAdapterTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessageListenerAdapterTests
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessageListenerAdapterTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessageListenerAdapterTests$2
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessageListenerAdapterTests$3
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessageListenerAdapterTests$4
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessageListenerAdapterTests$5
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessageListenerAdapterTests$6
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessageListenerAdapterTests$7
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessageListenerAdapterTests$8
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessageListenerAdapterTests$9
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessageListenerAdapterTests$SerializableObject
org/springframework/jms/listener/adapter/MessagingMessageListenerAdapterTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessagingMessageListenerAdapterTests
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessagingMessageListenerAdapterTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessagingMessageListenerAdapterTests$2
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessagingMessageListenerAdapterTests$Full
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessagingMessageListenerAdapterTests$SampleBean
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessagingMessageListenerAdapterTests$SampleResponse
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.MessagingMessageListenerAdapterTests$Summary
org/springframework/jms/connection/SingleConnectionFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.connection.SingleConnectionFactoryTests
 org.springframework.jms.connection.SingleConnectionFactoryTests$1
org/springframework/jms/listener/adapter/ResponsiveMessageDelegate.java
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.ResponsiveMessageDelegate
org/springframework/jms/connection/TestConnection.java
 org.springframework.jms.connection.TestConnection
org/springframework/jms/listener/adapter/ResponsiveJmsTextMessageReturningMessageDelegate.java
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.ResponsiveJmsTextMessageReturningMessageDelegate
org/springframework/jms/listener/adapter/StubMessageListenerAdapter.java
 org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter.StubMessageListenerAdapter
org/springframework/jms/StubConnectionFactory.java
 org.springframework.jms.StubConnectionFactory
org/springframework/jms/StubTopic.java
 org.springframework.jms.StubTopic
org/springframework/jms/support/converter/MappingJackson2MessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.support.converter.MappingJackson2MessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.jms.support.converter.MappingJackson2MessageConverterTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.support.converter.MappingJackson2MessageConverterTests$Full
 org.springframework.jms.support.converter.MappingJackson2MessageConverterTests$MyAnotherBean
 org.springframework.jms.support.converter.MappingJackson2MessageConverterTests$MyBean
 org.springframework.jms.support.converter.MappingJackson2MessageConverterTests$Summary
org/springframework/jms/listener/DefaultMessageListenerContainerTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.listener.DefaultMessageListenerContainerTests
 org.springframework.jms.listener.DefaultMessageListenerContainerTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.listener.DefaultMessageListenerContainerTests$2
 org.springframework.jms.listener.DefaultMessageListenerContainerTests$TestRunnable
org/springframework/jms/remoting/JmsInvokerTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.remoting.JmsInvokerTests
 org.springframework.jms.remoting.JmsInvokerTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.remoting.JmsInvokerTests$2
 org.springframework.jms.remoting.JmsInvokerTests$MockObjectMessage
 org.springframework.jms.remoting.JmsInvokerTests$MockSimpleMessageConverter
 org.springframework.jms.remoting.JmsInvokerTests$ResponseStoringProducer
org/springframework/jms/support/JmsAccessorTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.support.JmsAccessorTests
 org.springframework.jms.support.JmsAccessorTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.support.JmsAccessorTests$StubJmsAccessor
org/springframework/jms/core/JmsTemplateTransactedTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsTemplateTransactedTests
org/springframework/jms/core/JmsTemplateJtaTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsTemplateJtaTests
org/springframework/jms/config/JmsListenerEndpointTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.config.JmsListenerEndpointTests
org/springframework/jms/connection/TestExceptionListener.java
 org.springframework.jms.connection.TestExceptionListener
org/springframework/jms/annotation/AbstractJmsAnnotationDrivenTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.AbstractJmsAnnotationDrivenTests
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.AbstractJmsAnnotationDrivenTests$CustomBean
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.AbstractJmsAnnotationDrivenTests$DefaultBean
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.AbstractJmsAnnotationDrivenTests$FullBean
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.AbstractJmsAnnotationDrivenTests$FullConfigurableBean
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.AbstractJmsAnnotationDrivenTests$JmsListenerRepeatableBean
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.AbstractJmsAnnotationDrivenTests$JmsListenersBean
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.AbstractJmsAnnotationDrivenTests$SampleBean
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.AbstractJmsAnnotationDrivenTests$TestValidator
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.AbstractJmsAnnotationDrivenTests$ValidationBean
org/springframework/jms/config/MessageListenerTestContainer.java
 org.springframework.jms.config.MessageListenerTestContainer
org/springframework/jms/core/JmsMessagingTemplateTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$10
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$11
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$12
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$13
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$14
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$15
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$16
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$17
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$2
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$3
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$4
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$5
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$6
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$7
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$8
 org.springframework.jms.core.JmsMessagingTemplateTests$9
org/springframework/jms/core/support/JmsGatewaySupportTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.core.support.JmsGatewaySupportTests
 org.springframework.jms.core.support.JmsGatewaySupportTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.core.support.JmsGatewaySupportTests$2
org/springframework/jms/config/SimpleJmsListenerEndpointTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.config.SimpleJmsListenerEndpointTests
org/springframework/jms/config/JmsListenerContainerFactoryIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.config.JmsListenerContainerFactoryIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.jms.config.JmsListenerContainerFactoryIntegrationTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.config.JmsListenerContainerFactoryIntegrationTests$JmsEndpointSampleBean
 org.springframework.jms.config.JmsListenerContainerFactoryIntegrationTests$JmsEndpointSampleInterface
 org.springframework.jms.config.JmsListenerContainerFactoryIntegrationTests$UpperCaseMessageConverter
org/springframework/jms/support/SimpleMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleMessageConverterTests
 org.springframework.jms.support.SimpleMessageConverterTests$1
org/springframework/jms/support/destination/DynamicDestinationResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.support.destination.DynamicDestinationResolverTests
org/springframework/jms/annotation/EnableJmsTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.EnableJmsTests
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.EnableJmsTests$BillingQueueListener
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.EnableJmsTests$ComposedJmsListenersBean
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.EnableJmsTests$EnableJmsAutoStartupFalseConfig
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.EnableJmsTests$EnableJmsCustomConfig
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.EnableJmsTests$EnableJmsCustomContainerFactoryConfig
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.EnableJmsTests$EnableJmsDefaultContainerFactoryConfig
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.EnableJmsTests$EnableJmsFullConfig
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.EnableJmsTests$EnableJmsFullConfigurableConfig
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.EnableJmsTests$EnableJmsHandlerMethodFactoryConfig
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.EnableJmsTests$EnableJmsSampleConfig
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.EnableJmsTests$LazyBean
 org.springframework.jms.annotation.EnableJmsTests$OrderQueueListener
org/springframework/jms/listener/endpoint/JmsMessageEndpointManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.listener.endpoint.JmsMessageEndpointManagerTests
org/springframework/core/task/StubTaskExecutor.java
 org.springframework.core.task.StubTaskExecutor
org/springframework/jca/StubResourceAdapter.java
 org.springframework.jca.StubResourceAdapter
org/springframework/jca/StubActivationSpec.java
 org.springframework.jca.StubActivationSpec
org/springframework/jms/config/JmsListenerEndpointRegistryTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.config.JmsListenerEndpointRegistryTests
org/springframework/jms/support/destination/JmsDestinationAccessorTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.support.destination.JmsDestinationAccessorTests
 org.springframework.jms.support.destination.JmsDestinationAccessorTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.support.destination.JmsDestinationAccessorTests$StubJmsDestinationAccessor
org/springframework/jms/support/JmsMessageHeaderAccessorTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.support.JmsMessageHeaderAccessorTests
 org.springframework.jms.support.JmsMessageHeaderAccessorTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.support.JmsMessageHeaderAccessorTests$2
org/springframework/jms/config/JmsListenerContainerFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.config.JmsListenerContainerFactoryTests
org/springframework/jms/StubTextMessage.java
 org.springframework.jms.StubTextMessage
org/springframework/jms/connection/JmsTransactionManagerTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.connection.JmsTransactionManagerTests
 org.springframework.jms.connection.JmsTransactionManagerTests$1
 org.springframework.jms.connection.JmsTransactionManagerTests$2
 org.springframework.jms.connection.JmsTransactionManagerTests$3
 org.springframework.jms.connection.JmsTransactionManagerTests$4
org/springframework/jms/support/converter/MarshallingMessageConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.jms.support.converter.MarshallingMessageConverterTests
